What if it is a rebound relationship for both of you?
Good luck in your search for the one!
Why does everyone want someone that they cannot have and know that they should?
Do you like to argue and fight?
If you are set on that, that is the way to go!
My ex of three years was unfaithful.
Work at it, but do not let him keep you locked up at home.
Other than those two things, just ask him once in a while.
Also, men get bored and tire way before women do.
She is strong and loving, but she wasn't as happy as she thought she was.
It is one way of saying I do not like you.
King had a song about this, "Only your Mother loves you", and you may be jiving as well.
He loves you, too, girl. Time will tell.
He wants me to change how I look.
I know I have someone to come home to.
Did you contact me because I want to have sex, but you have to be careful.
Do you want all your friends forever?
It does not mean that you are lazy.
I am going to a club and dancing.
Do not go anywhere with him or her.
They are a lot of fun, and there is plenty to do.
It all depends on when you are ready.
Stay 100 miles away from this man.
Just be prepared because if it happens once, it can happen again!
I am looking for the girl who wants that time with me.
At least not until he gets another girlfriend.
Wife says, "We do not wear that."
If you are asking, then you should end the relationship and open yourself to other options.
Why do gays want to get married?
Saying sorry to him without commiting a mistake is humilation to yourself.
Do you have to rush your choice?
They both do not respect your feelings.
No seriously, think about how many cocky girls are out there.
She is too afraid to ask him out.
Get a grip, how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with?
I would ask you out, but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live.
They have never proformed before and it doubles the pain.
I will probably go and see one.
I wish you the best of luck, but I am just glad that I have brown hair.
Send me a pick at honorarius@yahoo.com and I will tell you.
It is simply a challenge.
I am a girl, so I will help you out.
Do not tell them, but let them find out once you are in bed with her.
If I would have kept my last name, it is just a freakin name.
I hardly ever see him in school either, usually I see him at my brother's basketball games.
He is telling that to some women as well. He is a womanizer.
Break up with him. There are plenty of fish in the sea.
I know because I am just like your wife.
When she calls, text her back.
I am 5'4 and he is 6'2.
Do you not know the number one rule? Trust no one.
We have tried breaking up a couple times, but it never happens.
Some because they are thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on.
If you have a penis, then it is no problem. You just have to penitrate her pussy with your eraser.
In that case, you should take some defense classes.
I just got out of a three year relationship with my baby's father.
What happened when the politician took Viagra?
Hello, my name is xxxxxx and I have been working for me for years.
Women are complicated.
We like soft approch and a little bit of chasing.
You would be surprised in the type of people that go to them.
It is very fun and enjoyable, especially when you meet each other after texting for a few months.
I am in New York and I will help you if you are around.
It sounds strange, but it worked in about 3-5 days for me.
I am not working with much either.
Why does it matter what they think if they do not get along, do not spend time togather.
If he is, then you have a good man.
If he likes you, you will know.
I guess it is normal, but I will just move on.
The rest is easy.
I like any man that is funny.
Girl, only you can decide.
Why do you ask this question?
Do not tell everyone just because you think that is right.
A ten year gap is nice.
If he still does not like you, then move on.
I see him every week in psr, but I cannot talk to him.
It is because they feel insecure with less educated men.
If it does not work out there goes your job.
I hope that it does not ever pass.
Only the ones that are not worth your time.
It is all about looks.
You guys do not have any reason to hate each other.
If you do not, you will always wonder.
Some people choose not to because of their religion, others do not.
Give it a chance because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends.
Best of luck to you!
Men who were not ready to committ.
This is a big day in both of your lives, it should not be done quickly and without thought.
I am 55 years old and still live at home with my mother. What is wrong with that?
One man willing to move 21 hours and 1,400 miles just to be with me.
I must not be ugly enough.
I am aIVER. WINK, WINK.
It depends on women what she wants.
Remember, it takes two, not one.
If he really did not like her and did like you, then he would have dumped her for you.
Hang around until the bar closes, or visit a prison.
Please do not miss out on this one!
Believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
But stick with what is inside of you.
It happened to me twice.
Perhaps you are young, I do not know.
No matter what he says, action speaks louder than words.
There is nothing in the world like a big boned girl!
Even if he is rich, do not sell yourself.
I just moved to Sacramento, a gay male, 30.
The people who are around you now, like your friends, should like you no matter what!
Because they like the little titis and pussys.
Wait until you are older and if you both still feel the same way, then go for it!
Yes, I am not one of those people, but I know there are many of them.
No, not if you have to ask.
Do you want to have sex with another man?
Because they are girls, and they are not as obsessed as we are.
Does this mean he likes me?
Do not worry about him, just concentrate in school so you can learn and then what about him?
I dated one and I know.
Look at the way she walks.
No, at least I hope not.
Hello, I am looking to visit your country.
Overtime should I give him another chance?
Is the same man you want to be in a relationship with?
I went and there he was.
That is what I called it, but why?
That way you can still go by your last name.
Both of you work hard to get it right.
I told her I liked her and she said she would want to ruin or friendship.
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat.
Show her your naked baby pictures.
It is very important to last at least 30-45 minutes.
I am not telling you to be celibate until then.
If he is flirting with her, then jump him.
I love curly hair. I like to run my fingers through it.
I want my wife to grow as well.
That is just the way it is I guess.
One girl, Michelle, who probably would not mind being named, spoke up and said she did not believe in it.
I can just toss him to the side and forget about him like last night's trash.
He was a little busy after that.
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him.
If you do eat something like that, then just quit.
It could be that you need to urinate or the last dream you had.
If he wants to wear my pants, all he has to do is ask.
If you were friends before and have stronger feelings now, then it should be okay.
I want to try again.
Figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers.
Lie, lie, and lie some more.
Wait until you find that out for sure first and then proceed from there.
If you two are at a dance, he should not really care.
Trust him, do not bring it up again.
Honestly, most women are waiting for the man to tell her how he truly feels.
Yes, I would love to meet the ladies.
I often ponder this one.
I met a man once, very romantic, I met him in a huge rainstorm.
Now some men like girls like that and some do not.
It comes after threeplay and before fiveplay.
When I fall in love, I feel stupid.
If you have to ask, then you are not in love.
If you start to feel it comming on, then start the four play again.
I do not understand someone, please give me the answer.
I saved a good $500-600 doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all.
I just got a divorce and so did he.
Ask a girl about the sympthoms because I am a boy.
Be yourself, that is what girls like, at least most of them, but mostly be yourself.
Follow your heart, it is not wrong.
They bother you all day long.
See if he calls, e-mails, or even cares.
You can do a civilian arrest.
A spasm in your back usually.
By now, you may love your wife for everything you have endured.
Good luck and I hope everything goes well!
Say I love you and if you wait to say it back, it tells it all.
Try asking her out again and see what she says.
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
Ask her questions. Do not just talk.
When you first fall in love, your gitty, goofy, and silly happy just thinking about that person.
Remember, there is more than one.
I think they look better than a lot of nations out there.
We got married again!
In all, I do not think it really matters.
I am not driving five hours just to hang out unless I really like her.
How often can you have sex with Pamela anderson?
I told her that I loved her and truly meant it.
Consider what good it brought about.
The thing is, I am a person that does not like to brake others heart.
Give a rose and express your love.
I like it because I feel cheated with a person.
Remember, death does not make you part.
We always find a life partner because we attract with the opposite side.
What are you talking about?
If you continue talking to him for another week, he may think he is married.
Women do not want much, just some acknowldgement and sometimes help.
At least that is what it seems like to me.
Do not be afraid to say no.
Break up with him. There are always more fish in the sea.
To me, it really does not matter, but a hand full is very important.
Choose the one who adores you the most.
You still released at least a thousand!
You go to a bar and get drunk!
Give it some time and thought.
You should not leave them, just teach them what to do to please you better.
Bembie hit the nail on the head.
No, you guys kiss when you are ready.
Julesac is funny, but mean.
If you are asking this, you surely have distanced yourself from her and yet remaining a friend.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer.
Do not try to figure it out, that is the way it is.
I do not know, but I know of another website that I go to.
It depends on how much you are beginning to have feelings for this boy.
He must be a control freak.
It all depends on the girl or the girl and how interested the girl is.
Look, try to get out to meet people.
Usually it is multiple things, not just one thing.
If you truly really really really like them.
For the guys, do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman?
If all you do is argue, it is not worth it.
What makes it worse is that I have been dating him for four years.
You just have to be patient and the right girl will come along.
Unless you do not love your husband anymore and you have room for another man?
wife, because then you can do more with out committing a sin.
She definitely wants you to think she is attractive, but she does not want that to be reason #1.
It depends, some days I want to have sex, others I do not.
Also, they are more passionate about love.
If you play with both at the same time, she will probably be upset.
Because he would not work, hit me, used guilt trips, was a big mama's boy, etc.
Perhaps because you are the most beautiful girl they have seen.
It really depends if someone is vain or not.
Someone I can be myself with.
Send me your picture and contact me.
Stay away from this guy friend.
The doctor cannot even believe it.
Yes, especially when she throws up!
If not, then do not sweat it!
I could give you some pointers.
If you feel your love is fading, do not just sit there and do nothing.
I will not stay with someone I do not trust.
I only once told a girl that I loved her, and I meant it.
You married him for a reason.
Rip off your shirt and yell a Tarzan yell.
Yes, girl down there, do not have sex.
They accept this in their culture.
Always trail ride with a friend.
You did not give us very good information. Do you all live in one house?
Move on, so what if he is attractive? Look is not everything.
Most important, just be yourself.
Yes, be disappointed and be mad!
Sorry, I never have felt that way.
I do not like any girl who would make my life difficult.
If he gets them first, you get the popcorn.
Practice, ask if you are doing good.
If you are sure, then tell your parents if you have not done it already.
I met mine at a carnival.
That sounds like a rhetorical question.
I believe everyone should keep their own name.
Your first kiss should feel like you are in avan.
There is nothing but trouble there!
How do I make a woman happy?
Do not do things that can get you hurt.
Of course you will be making more money if you work hard.
Please do not approach her and tell her how good she looks.
I do not think it is a good idea, you are not there for this purpose.
Approach her and say, "Hello, are you single?"
I think he would make a great valentine.
Just be prepared to let her go.
Rather than just sit there and wait until you are a good one.
Tell them what they are going to do, slap you?
Get a massage and get away from it all.
If you really like this guy, smile and make nice talk with him.
Take them both out at the same time.
It happened to me and I am now dating that person.
There are only two points to make friends.
You may just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you.
Preferrably someone who does not hate you.
We tried to move on, but it did not work.
When will people in this EFFED UP WORLD finally realize this?
I would not bother calling him back.
Try not to spend time with him and find another man.
Look for another attractive girl so she will be jealous.
In my opinion, you are not a hoe.
Red is love, black is death, etc.
If she likes him, then she does not like you. It is not his fault that she strays.
I might start to forget about you after three days.
Find a girl who has genitalia. She also must be prety.
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend.
Start the day off with breakfast out, then perhaps a nice walk.
Then go pick them up if she says yes.
Why do I hear a girl say flowers are not going to last?
It may be interesting for them.
Could it ever be the same?
It is not that bad, at least it is not Bella.
Could it be because some men are liars and have fat mouths?
You could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances.
Finally, a culture that has it right.
My twin will not talk or listen to me.
If you want to get something you can not get rid of, then go ahead.
I am not thinking about him, but I am having dreams about him.
If you are talking about ten then I think it would be fine to get a video or computer game.
Go for it and take the chance!
If he cannot, then take him to a place where they have slowdances.
I feel this is most beautiful in a family life.
It is your choice not to hate one. I do not want them to say the same thing.
Never get married without a prenup.
Get a life and do not waste mine.
She says you are too good for her?
Guys come and go, but friends are forever!
It could probably mean a lot of things.
Yes, it is normal because there are many people who still like some of the people they broke up with.
I would like to see what a black female has to say about this.
Men are unintelligent. Who knows why they do what they do.
If they gave you their phone number, you do not have to wait at all.
Because they were the masters of the universe.
I am in love and do not care who knows it.
Whatever you do, do not try to have both of them at once.
If you really wanted to be with him, you would not be asking.
Remember, being friends with someone online is fine, but there are limits.
When my sister kisses someone, she closes her eyes to get ready.
Now, I would not marry any women who did not want to change her name, but that is just my opinion.
A small party for the family.
Girls are perverts, they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly.
I am only in the tenth grade.
You do what you want.
Do not do that, it will not work.
If they do not, it is time to move on.
He is everything I ever wanted with the looks, money, and stuff.
Yes, and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
No, she is not a liar.
If you want to be gay, you should leave.
He had his nose pierced.
Yes, I can lift him, he is only 185.
You need a therapist for that.
Maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking Asian girls.
You should see a psychiatrist.
Giving you stupid excuses. Acting the way he did not before!
Be strong, and hang in there.
No, he is too big and I am too weak.
It is unattractive if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob or slut.
Exchange letters, e-mails, chat online, talk over the phone, send packages, just keep going.
Especially if you do not feel like it.
He dribbles, he shoots, and he scores. Two points.
Giving it up just for him to stay is like selling your soul to the devil.
I cannot give you a wife view, but hopefully mine is just as good.
It takes the pressure off of me to ask someone.
It depends on the woman, it is better shaved.
Ask in English. I cannot understand you.
Hello, I am a man, but I will tell you a little.
I like him a lot and I want to win him over, not push him away.
I really really like this guy and I do not know if he likes me back.
Your avatar looks familiar.
It has been over six months and I cannot seem to get over it.
Perhaps he thinks he will be turned down. Just ask. I would.
You have to think about that and that should help you determine if you can trust him.
A picture of a heart with you and her when you both first dated is special.
I am in college and he is my only source of income until I get out.
Listen, it is not that easy. I got with my ex-boyfriend in 2nd grade.
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have not kissed. Is this bad?
Some men do not like breasts at all.
Is it that she just wants to see other people?
He has seen me every day for about 4 or 5 years.
There was his stop, so he got off the train.
I mean the worst, the absolute worst, is that she says no. Take a chance and good luck.
I know exactly what I want in a relationship.
I would flirt, send flowers and candies to myself, and then he would ask you out on a date.
I also hate seeing my dad unhappy.
I feel bad because I know that I snore sometimes. Most people do, correct?
I like women and need to know if I am in love.
If you truly love each other, then you can work out all the fighting.
Because neither of you have the courage to call it quits.
However, that does not mean that big girls cannot be cute.
He is getting married this month.
Those men are rude and you do not want them.
Tell me if you want to go out with me.
Get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years.
A man has a penis and a woman has a clitoris.
Remove yourself from the situation and move on.
It would be easier to do if I were mad.
If she will tell the administration, I will be expelled because it is Pakistan, not America.
You should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will.
As I said, he already knows that you like him, so just take a deep breathe and ask him.
Maybe you and I can get together sometime and we will find love with one another.
I would be, but I am just married.
Play the field a bit now.
As everyone said, do not get married so early.
I just want to know have you been to the DOC?
Pay attention to what the other person says.
Talk to your spouse about this.
If you are into sixth graders, you are obviously young.
I was thinking about a medium pink color, but with what?
Ask if they would like to go somewhere with you.
A trip to an amusement park such as a roller coaster or a theatrical museum.
Do men really prefer bigger women?
The problem is that I really like him.
I would say that they do work out, just not a lot of the times. I hope this helps.
Should I break up with him because of his mother?
I did this before (accidentally) and my friend was mad that I deleted him!
I do not think I mind either way.
But that is her way. You could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open.
There are some that do, but you should be able to tell.
Are you talking about your avatar?
I do not ever remember giving a girl a Christmas gift unless I liked her.
I do not know what to do.
Try to be yourself and do not show off.
Take it day by day, step by step. Think of how he lost a good thing.
If only every man knew what women want, the world would be a much happier place.
Compliments, honesty, and make it about her.
I think they will crash him!
It just means that she is really interested in the man.
Please do. I am thinking you would get slapped mid-reach or kicked in the groin.
She and I are both divorced now.
If he or she wants to see your picture right away, it is sex!
It is better than her giving you a fake number to call.
Tell her to move to Massachusetts.
If you feel this strongly about it, then maybe you should not get married.
From the pictures I have seen, I would say Maui or Bahamas.
The man I like is mad at me.
You are thirteen, do not even worry about it.
That way you do not have to worry about you calling him too much.
I am a man and we love to chase!
Thank you for the pep in advance!
We always seem to push the ones we love away.
They think they can control other peoples lives when they cannot.
That is strange, but maybe I should talk to my friend by his locker.
I do not know, how would you like something crammed up your butt?
If a man cares, he calls.
What special gift can I give my brother in law for his birthday?
He probably does not want to either.
Hold her hands, look to her eyes, and say it, but only say it if you really love her.
Some men do, and some men do not.
I really want to know, so please help me out!
The timing was not right for it with the old man. You will see!
Generally kind, and my fifth, I will be dissapointed if she is unintelligent.
It is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves.
I do not believe trust has to be earned, because how is that even possible?
If that is you, you need to stop. That is disgusting!
Do not let her control your life, she will just have to learn to deal with it.
I have an e-mail that works for me.
I would not worry too much about it.
Yes, the trick ass hoe has never had a chance.
When you can fart in front of the one you are dating.
It depends on how old they are.
And any man who is not being entirely honest with himself is probably not being honest.
If you flirt with him, the challange is not there.
If you need your ex emotionally, then you have some troubles.
She does not have to be younger than you.
She does not love you, but try to use your brean not your haerd.
If you want your girlfriend forever, then just do not let her know that you want her forever.
There are many cheap ideas out there, just find what you like and work with it!
If you are worried about performance wise, do not.
Find a nother girl and if that does not work, move back.
Most often, but not always, that will be men around your age.
If you act like that all the time, she might think you are desperate.
Not everyone on here is in school.
Tell him what you really want. That is what they tell me, but never got to do.
Should I make the first move, or should I wait for him to make a first move?
What a typical double standard you have set up!
After a while you do not even see the color.
I have not tried it yet, but I am still trying to get up the nerve.
If you two are serious, then asking her that question should not bother her.
Speak her out, what is up with that?
Would you like to go out with me sometime?
Look me up if you are ever in Florida.
Those were good times, I tell you.
It is all about her, and no, it should not be something that happens on a first date.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time?
If he comes to his senses, then great, if not, you should confront him.
You are too good for them.
Jump him because she likes him?
It depends on the age of the person.
Twenty years down the road is all you can be so start from the beginning.
I would like to visit us. What are the needfull things?
If you have any ideas, tips, or general information, please send me an email.
You sound like a very lovely person, so do not let some of these women drag you down.
You do not look, just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a girlfriend will come along.
Do not persue it, he is getting married.
Is it a clear liquid that turns yellow when dry?
If there is a short messaging system in your country, then find a textmate.
When she starts closing her eyes, kiss her in the lips and then it is up to you!
Please be honest with me, I can handle the truth.
Have fun, and remember to never get so comfortable that you never know what is going to happen next.
It shows how much they care about you.
Tell her that you miss her and that you love her.
Coffee, lunch, site seeing, walk/talk/play in the park, museum, movie mat, etc.
What you want is a webcam, you can find that in any CORNER of the world.
Now we do all these things together and I do not know what to do.
If it fails, you will be very upset.
It has been the best thing for at least me.
Try using some of these, but only if they actually apply.
The problem is that he was unfaithful to me and it was the worst thing I have ever experienced.
If you are happy, she should be happy, unless he is being bad to you.
We like it when men do things for us and think about us.
Maybe if you give him space he will eventually call you back.
Tell him you do not want a real relationship.
If you look creepy and you look, they will all think you are leering.
I do not know about love, but he likes you for sure.
If a man really respects you, then he will understand.
Ask yourself and decide if you can afford it. Do if you want to.
Because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy.
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the good outweighs the bad.
I do not think it is wise to date at work.
You need a class for that.
Let it take it's course from there.
What do you think about gay marrige and relationshiops?
Of course, I had to ask him if he was blowing me off.
Men will think you are attractive no matter what.
I do not think that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you.
The safest rules of internet dating are these: 1. Chat via email and messenger 2. Chat on the phone.
Marriage is about trusting and communicating.
Ok, so I had this problem too.
It depends on what you kissed.
It depends on if you could trust him before.
Make sure you don't make her hate you just get your point across to her.
Have you been meeting these Filipinas?
Would it be considered love if it was just considered love?
That way, you are not exactly telling them what you specifically do not like about them.
If he is, then go for it!
Then see if she is open for a dinner and a movie.
I am sorry I do not know and I wish you the best of luck.
However, I find him looking at me occasionally.
This is sin, our selves have started this.
Fun includes eating meals, not breakfast, if you understand what I mean.
Make a move if you don't know what to do.
Let him make the first move. If you do, it may make you look like you are in love with him.
You people have no right to get married.
My tragic love story was that I loved him very much and he loved me as well.
You seem desperate and you will never find a if you are desperate.
But he swears that we are just friends.
Look does not really matter unless you are trying to prove something.
I know once you have sex with him, he is no longer a good friend.
The fact that a man is so self centered is a huge turn off for me.
Do not rush, all your emotions come together.
It is a two way traffic until you get them. You will know which one it is.
You have one baby out of wedlock.
I know I am overtly picky about people, how can I stop it?
It hurts a lot, maybe some girls might say that is it?
I am going to jump that boy, is that the right choice?
So it was a good idea!
If she gets drunk, then it is not a turn off.
Some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly.
I would prefer if they left me alone. Sorry, I got off-topic.
Ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she would like.
You are a man, not a term used lightly.
It is not automatic like MSN or AOL.
And that is how they will react to it, so it is a bad situation for you and him.
Go back to that person before it becomes too late for you.
I also want to smack that smile off her face.
Ask him if he would like to dance with you.
Then she might say that looks ugly. I think a color looks better.
Ask him to see a doctor.
I never went out with him a second time.
Why did you guys break up?
Why wait? Go ahead and do it.
As long as he does not mind, who's opinion matters?
I think I am still in love with him.
I never wanted to have sex again.
The main thing is to not try to get back at the person who wronged you.
If you have to ask other people, I do not think you are ready.
I am a gilr, I say those things.
A big savings area is flowers.
Give it six months and see what happens.
Either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from.
From your list, I would have to choose spiderman.
I was unfaithful for three of the years.
All seniors think freshman girls are easy. It is sad, but true.
If he says yes, then you can tell him.
And impress her with affection and love.
And if you have, what was it like?
Celebrate Valentine's Day with joy and fun. Give each other gifts and have a fun time.
Any woman beside the unattractive men will look attractive.
When I moved in my neighbor asked me out.
You should probably make a move because he is very shy.
It is on a much harsher scale as time goes on.
Be yourself, and you might get a response.
There are many times that you love the man but do not know if he loves you as well.
If you are talking to your husband or the like, I would say tools, toys for his vehicle, sports related things.
That got me really hot, but I ran off.
I will pick up the tab if I can get your vote for the best answer.
What size of breast does the average man like?
Many women 22 and 27 are dating men 27, so the 22 year old men feel insecure and have to fish downstream.
Lust is less like, you just go out?
They probably know you cannot really hide that, but you should tell your parents.
I will make you princess in planet Kripton!
My last girlfriend's boyfriend did that to her before we met, and she still kept him.
My friend has a boyfriend who she talks to online and on the phone.
Do you prefer fake nails or manicured ones?
Tell her that girls like to tell her the truth. Good luck.
We can rest and be the best of friends.
Stay true to your husband, after all, he is the one you said I do to.
Do not listen to these people with their B.S.
Yes, I am a man, so I do not really have to pay.
Remember, no bird has ever been unfaithful on one occasion.
Just let her know what you feel.
It depends, if you really love him you will probably want to end it.
If you or the other person are married, then run!
No, men do not, but little boys do.
Help me win this debate with her!
My girlfriend is crazy, but I love her anyway.
Simple enough, do like anyone else does, and play with it.
Let him go, if he is meant to be with you he will come back to you.
After three days of that, my back went out.
Stay alive and get your old life back.
Why do men never know what they want with any kind of relationship?
Maybe ask him out to lunch or a movie or something.
Girls do not like men who are only about themselves.
It depends, do you like either one?
I was always looking and I kept picking jerks.
No, I feel it is a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them.
Some do, some do not.
Just do what makes you happy.
Because for some reason I cannot.
It would have to be love.
Try to search for your love, but be careful.
Do not ask her to perform some act for you, make her the spotlight.
Girls are impressed if you show a little care, respect and honesty to them.
Tell him to leave.
They think it is the only right way.
Good luck and keep it calm!
That said you need to figure out yourself if you want to stay married to him.
I hate him for it.
Men like this typically become wife beaters if you do not accept them.
I have four children, so being a homemaker is more work than my job even.
No, I have not. I prefer normal-looking men.
It looks like he has feelings for you. Do you show how you feel? You should.
Everything seems so open and run with most people these days.
I have a problem unloading all my junk up front, and maybe I told this guy too much.
The right date can save money on many things.
If you truly love your man and want to work it out, then tell your partner to respect that.
That only makes her easier to bed.
I do not think you should try it.
Honesty and love, and try to be true with them.
I am hoping for at least 90% but realistically I think it is more like 70% or 65%.
Cuddling up with a large woman is one of the best feelings I know of.
Women also expect men to act like that, so why should they grow up?
A couple of ways:  Get him drunk.
The problem is not if you ask her while at work or not.
Stick with the 13 and 14 year old boys, they are easier to control anyway. Good luck.
You never let a man hurt you.
I am not a stay at home romantic dinner type of girl.
Anyway, when I left him, I swore I would never get married again!
Pickup lines are tacky, just be yourself and complament her a lot. Women like that.
You will be fine, just have fun!
Not all the time, sometimes men shave them, it depends on the woman.
I love him, but I think I am ready to move on and meet new guys.
Wait for another four years.
I hope I see some of it soon.
I do not want to be rude.
Also, you should wait a while for having children.
I would like to have some fun with you, that is why I answered this stupid question.
Try to contact their Q&A team, they will help you through. Have a nice day!
Because women do not put out often.
If he insists, it means he is only after sex.
Looks definitely matter, so anyone saying they do not is probably lying.
Making love is like living a fantasy.
When you are 18 or 20, because when they said something they do not mean it.
When possible, try to make it yourself.
There is always a but, isn't there?
If she is not interested in you anymore.
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men.
On average, I would say about 45% at first, but more than one you get to know the person, maybe 15%.
Play sports with your male friends.
She will tell you if it is not okay.
I do not mean, do you think women are sexy and beautiful?
How do I get him to stop nagging me and leave me alone?
A sex toy, that way you can both enjoy it.
Men without hair look like little boys to me, and it is not sexy at all.
I agree, just kiss him and he will respond one way or another.
A good way is to imagine yourself without him or her.
In America, it is not so important.
If it was before you, then he was not cheating at all.
How many times have I passed up a great opportunity by worrying about someone saying no?
Because the white women are taking up all the men.
Your self image is also very important.
Have you ever had a PAP smear?
How old are you?
I think they both like me.
First, it sounds as if you guys are already married.
Yes, Jaime is going to ask Rubi out, but it is not your business.
That is a sign, things like that can make it very obvious.
You should take the time to get to know both of them equally without going out with them.
I would love to hear logical opinions on this. Thank you.
If you like the guy, then go for it.
Having fun with male friends is acceptable.
It is natural with that man.
Women take on a lot and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing.
No, because I am not married yet.
Let me know what you think, thank you.
If you are gay, then be gay!
Good luck and hang in there.
I like older girls, so I think this is sick and wrong that they cannot go out with her.
I am just curious what everyone thinks.
My last boyfriend I met driving round a roundabout in another car!
Because if you do, you will lose your friend over a guy.
It was a casual aside when I said it, I did not think he would remember.
Are you a country girl or a city girl?
Hang out all day together and to top it off touch his feet.
I am very bored being single and watching other girls have fun.
Women are curious about sex with other women, even me!
I do not know what you said because I was too lazy to read your typing.
I hate it myself, I love the straight ones.
This is Doc Izzy and I love and adore bigger women.
There are not any words that will make it any better.
Do it before it is too late.
To tell you the truth, you learn, but you have to actually do it.
Nay Pier is a great place or one of the museums. There are many great resteraunts of the area.
That is a stereotype. I am not a country girl, by the way. I think I am sexy in my own way.
He will not turn you down.
I hope you read this really well.
Many men like thick women, but most of them are black.
If she is interested, she will call later.
No, you will not because you know he has cheating tendancies.
Ask yourself that, if you know what I mean.
I find that if I try hard, I can see things that are not normally there.
Let's get coffee and chat and take it from there!
Just move on with your life and spend time with someone else.
If you are not, you can e-mail me atILIKETHICKCHIX@Yahoo.com.
Me and this boy have been going off and on since last year.
I really care about you and I can't stop thinking about you.
It is worth the wait when you are ready.
If you do not know, ask someone who would.
Keep away your fear and tell him.
That is a chance you will have to take.
If you want to be attractive to losers, creeps, and pervs, drink up!
Not for anything but looking at.
After I have passed, I still love him.
It is your own life, as you said.
I am stuck with it even in divorce.
Just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend does not mean he is.
Yes, let me know more about you.
When one minute you want to throttle the other person, and the next you would want to jump their bones.
The girls that are pretty or have a great personality.
Ppl whose parents well take care of them are lazy people.
I do not know what she wants.
It is very complacent, tell it again please, but in a simple way.
Show her what you are good at.
If you can imagine him as the father of your children.
If you do not ask, someone else might.
That is why I am single!
If you really love him, you would let him go.
If she does not want to be with you, try to be her friend.
Well, if he says he does not believe him.
Let's get it out of limbo.
I even worked there for awhile and met the man of my dreams.
I have been with my husband for four years and we finally got married.
Focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now.
You will see that no matter how hurt you are, it is still the simplest reason you smile.
Wow, I did not think Pakistan is that conservative.
I have to stop right away because I am ready to relieve myself.
Whatever you do, do not tell him too soon.
We cannot answer if she really means it.
I do not like a man who does that all the time.
Then you can make an easier decision.
I have had sex with many girls and some of them are whores.
He dribbles, he shoots, and he scores. Two points.
Talk to your best friend and see if it is funny.
Is this a trick question?
I do not know if I can do anything about it.
People are husbands and wives for many reasons.
If he does not then there are too many fish in the sea.
Do you want to say that?
If you are not happy, fix it or leave.
Not all men, but some men do.
I completely agree with Udaman, good luck girl.
It sounds like you like to learn yourself too much.
Your girlfriend will just think you are a jerk.
Sometimes, but you have to observe the person you call your man.
Are you replaying everything you ever did to me?
Do not just sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
I dated a man this past year and he became violent.
Leave it alone. I do not care what she says, she is in enough pain.
How would anyone know if they do not know anything about you?
Find one that loves you as well.
It never hurts to be flirty!
We were hanging out a little.
Do not use pick up lines, that is a turn off.
I love them because I am a man and I do not have to ask anyone to the dance.
Girl, there are more men out there that love thick girls than you think?
The girls that whine that flowers do not last are just ungrateful.
You need to be with that person, you have found your true love.
And I mean really be her friend.
How do I get my sweetheart to show me he loves me?
You have to stop talking to him and stop thinking about him.
They never met, but she says they are in love.
Do not do this over the phone, email, etc.
I am not against gay people and lez's, they are the best friends a person can have.
I want to know if she is into me or not.
Death is like a box of candy corn.
Just try to make the best of what is to come.
Either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person.
She is the love of my life and I can't wait to spend the rest of my time with her.
Because women think with their brains.
I am still in love with my ex and I am mad at my cousin because my ex likes her.
Only time will tell, spend time with friends and have fun.
That is why I do not get in chat rooms anymore, unless it is to laugh at all the freaks.
This is a big mistake on my part.
I have no idea where to begin.
But he chaeted, so I guess I can lift or carry my husband.
If she is calling just to bablle then tell her to not call you so often.
That is all I have to say.
You should not be asking this question?
I was also thinking about lime green.
I mean the both of you together.
I have a close girlfriend.
Do they want to be something they are not?
Well, if you can imagine yourself with him in bed at night!
They like the challange, I know that is what I love about it.
It depends on the girl. fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair.
I should do that when I am dating next time.
Do not listen to what others tell you to do.
I really like this guy, and I don't know if it is just a crush or if I love him.
I think the Bomb is much easier.
Not always the easiest, but they have been pretty good years.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer.
You tell her why you like her.
Did you turn gay or is it a curiosity?
No, not if you have to ask.
The list could go on and on.
He might enjoy all the waiting, dreaming, and teasing.
Do not eat where you take a s***.
If you would like to chat, please email me at fla_cat_blue@yahoo.com.
When he teases you about stupid little things.
If you think that he feels the same way about you, why not?
In my experience, a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other.
They are often worse than men.
I have heard of friends getting married about six months after meeting someone.
I do not know what you mean.
If you want children, then be a homemaker.
What is the worst that could happen?
Intelligence is very attractive to a woman with brains.
His or her intelligence, the way they carry themselves, good looks and activeness.
Yes, and will you pay mine as well?
I am proud that I have long black hair.
I was not going to let her win.
Chances are that if you like her as a friend, you will like her more.
Just be yourself when you are with her.
Men think they are special, and that they are only good enough for certain girls.
Find someone you like and say, "Will you be my valentine?"
Please post more questions on Yahoo Answers!
If the one boy picks on you, why like him?
Brokeback Mountain is a man, but at least you will be happy!
Size, shape, looks, etc should not matter at all.
Sex is not the only thing important in life.
You are probably too good for him anyway.
Do you like him or do you not like him?
Why don't you ask her if you can kiss her?
Who would say that country girls feel more sexy?
I do not know how old you are, which would help.
Just think about what you like and do it back for them. It is like a tounge massage.
Here is my answer: Most guys definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone.
Break up with your ex-boyfriend.
Does his friends point at you when you are with him?
Yes, it is very possible to enjoy giving birth to a child and then RECOMMEND it.
Now I keep thinking of getting it on with a girl.
It depends on if they are brunette or not.
Is she just trying to use you?
You can have a big u-no-what, and suck in bed.
Get rid of the x if you are dating the man you love right now.
It hurt very much and I bled.
Cuddling, kissing, fondling, and playing with each other's sex organs before sex.
When he does explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and want him back.
My boyfriend loves me to death and does not want to give me up.
You are already doing it, so why bother?
On the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain, it was awesome!
I think you are a nice guy and she probably loves you a lot.
You are looking too hard, or maybe you are looking in the wrong places. You can sign up for Yahoo personals.
Only if you want it to be.
If she does not have a reason, then she is not your friend.
You have to find what is right for you and your partner.
You are not a hoe, do not worry.
GIRLS DO NOT THINK IT IS COOL, THEY THINK THEY ARE GUYS.
Do you like Asian food?
They do not mean to get them pregnant, they just cannot keep it in their pants because they are pregnant.
I like natural and real girls, I do not like fake looking prissy drama queens.
Take on how the world works and their desire to catch up.
That is too many, and selfish, and you are desperate to keep trying another one, correct?
It is like if you decide to eat chocalate and then moan because you look too fat.
Do you know he loves you?
My wife forgives me for a lot of things.
First, you order one online and theORK brings one to you.
I would say around 3 or 4.
Imagine that I am that man and I am my girlfriend.
Give them a chance to discover you.
It is unusal, but nothing bad.
I still love him, what should I do?
Do not stay with him for the baby.
Never ignore her, always listen to her, and when you do, do not change the subjetct women hate.
It can be good luck as well if you take it as well.
It is a man thing, live with it.
It sounds like you are going through a lot right now.
Good luck, but do your best.
Do not come here, it smells like a trap to me.
Ask any girl passing by, but only in India.
This woman does not want a bad boy at all.
I need to be happy.
You are so full of it, teasing all these desperate lonely sad sad guys, shame on you.
Sometimes men think they do not need you so much until you are gone.
Only that I can say, good luck!
You married your husband, hopefully because you love him.
I love to express my feelings to the ladies with suggestions. Do you have any suggestions?
Why tie yourself to just one man?
That is if you both agreed on doing this.
It is like saying, "What is going to stop me when I have already done it?"
He just has to start over and earn your trust again.
One side of his family, I met his father.
We fall in love, they treat us badly, why are we there?
I am one of those who want to wait until I am completely in love with someone.
Try the nice way first, girls hate being ignored!
Keeping secrets will only hurt the ones you love.
Some women like large hairy men, some men like fat women, some women like skinny guys, and vice versa.
curves, especially if they have big breasts and softness, cannot be considered a soft woman.
Never tell her she is fat.
You are a mother, act like one!
Both men and women like to think that it is cheating.
Give them two months and they will get over you.
I do not know, but Daniel K has never read manga.
It is kind of nice, it is like your dad's blessing all the way.
I like intelligent, fun, and attractive women.
Come to my town, I will be your girl.
This generation is just too stupid.
Yes, it is time to cash in your chips.
They are always in love.
I see a Malaysia air ad on television and I go gaga.
It was really nice how he asked me out.
Try talking to her and asking her to hang out as friends to see if it goes well.
This is difficult because there are a lot of temptations out there.
Not what you can become just because she says so.
The two of you should talk privately and personally. You have to clear each other's side. Do it now.
The one I liked goes like this.
Do not try to have sex.
Just keep it cool, a little hard to get might help.
If your relationship survive the four seasons, I guess you should be ready.
I married my guy anyway, and do you know why? Besides love.
Move on and find someone who does not hate you.
You can not, so let's start asumming it.
Yes, we like flowers that are pretty and good smelling.
Should I or shouldn't I? A younger man versus an older woman.
Those other replies are just cocky, I am much more comfortable.
lime green would be more appropriate for a summer wedding.
If they cannot exercise self-control, let them marry.
My boyfriend snores and I have the most terrible time sleeping!
May be you think not, but yes!
We have no room for screwn up conversations like this in our society.
The best and easiest way is to fly or drive to Las Vegas and get married there.
His answer is good enough for me.
No single man can give you what you really want.
If he does not start acting right, then leave him.
If you are attractive, show him your breasts.
A lot of men like that are just looking for sex.
I mess up a lot at times, but she does not forget.
Wait for him to ask you out unless you are ready.
You are asking, do you like me?
Whatever you decide, make it perfectly yours.
Her parents? You cannot fix it. Her friends? Maybe you can talk to them nicely.
How drunk is this girl getting?
Women love men with a positive self image.
I am doing this just for the points.
If you don't know anything about each other, you can't connect.
If you do, then I would say it was a real and worth realtionship.
If you are used to it and you like it, then go with it.
Because it is buy one take one.
And last but not least, does he always just happen to be staring?
It sounds like a con, but I am telling you, women enjoy it.
You have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better.
However, I have always believed that there is a huge difference between having sex and making love.
You just have to make yourself walk away.
In my case, I think 80%.
Cleaning in and giving me a soft kiss on the forehead.
I cannot see my life without my husband.
I do, much prettier and smooth as silk!
Although, flowers are really nice even if they do not last.
It sounds like he is having too much fun while you are away.
Why don't you just leave the girl alone?
Maybe you should try dating girls if guys offend you.
I have not a single girlfriend.
Just remeber, let's go for guys who are themselves and only themselves.
They feel that they are better than women, but there is nothing wrong.
That does not mean you should let them in.
It is always in the back of my mind.
Does she have other friends to talk with on the phone?
Getting married and having a child can wait, but studies can not.
You need to do this a few times.
Most teen boys prefer girls that enjoy sex.
Do not look back and enjoy the friends you have.
No good or bad is your personal belief on something.
I do not know what I should do.
Yes, it is a sick habit.
Wait until you are 25. You would not lose your charm by then.
My boyfriend hates my boyfriend and wishes for me to break up with him, but I will not.
Be honest and that is what we like.
I do not think so, maybe they should try taking our last names.
You both should choose either his or yours once you have children.
Of course he wants to go on.
I guess I choose domestic goddess.
Ask her out after class again.
People life is too short to live it to the fullest and have faith.
I am a man and I also feel so, because I also am.
If you like him that much, break up with him.
Start with a basic everyday question and go from there.
Tell more people.
All my friends want to do is makeout!
In addition to actual kissing, ask if you are a good kisser.
We will not regret it at your service anytime.
You need to reput it and add it back just like the first time.
You can share this with your mom or dad.
Do not fall for the alcoholic only on weekends.
You sort of stuck yourself out to get hurt, unless you know him fairly well.
I prefer A & B cups, myself.
Be her friend first, then see where it goes.
Do not listen to what other people say, watch how they act.
Do you feel that way?
If a man asks you, do not be afraid to say no.
Obviously she does not want you if you know she likes the other boy.
There are many things that make a woman not like sex.
Not all men get bored and move on.
There is no better person to marry someday than your best friend.
It depends on what you are looking for, friendship only.
I did this with my current boyfriend.
It does not mean you cannot love another.
Just divorce that man. He has no honour and he does not love you.
Most men just want to have a girlfriend for free sex.
If nothing works, you have to ask him for it again.
It is your personal opinion, so keep to it, whether a guy goes out with you should not determine how you feel.
You have to search yourself for this one.
If the man is worthy enough, you will not need to.
I am confused, I hate the girl to be like that. What shall I do?
Shop around for invitations and everything else.
He then asked me, "Can I come with you?"
Just go with your feelings. If you like her so much, then go with it.
I am only myself around men I do not like, and you know the outcome.
I hope you find a nice girl.
I have liked this on a girl since I was in ninth grade.
To all my fellow girls at Cone, a big Hi and hug!
There is a reson if you like him.
If going to a movie is special for the two of you, then do that.
It sounds like you wear the pants.
Have you told her that it is irritating with her having to check up on you everyday?
For the same reason, thin women prefer slender men.
He handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number.
Go to HAWAII, and maybe you can help someone.
I do not understand why people think it is wrong.
Keep searching for a believer in romance, she is out there!
If you plan on cheating on your wife, you are a pig and need to be shot!
He already knows that you like him, and has he said anything bad about it?
Confront him and ask him that way you will know.
It is more of a trust issue.
Never stop trying to impress her.
No, you are punished, and no television for a month.
I think this is better than the one on top of me.
However, that did not bother me, because like I said, we were just friends.
Go to school you can still come home or call your family and friends.
Wow, go with the one that picks on you because nine times out ten he likes you.
I always felt the same way, but I met my true love and my views changed.
Take baths, and know how to speak?
I like him and he says things like, "If I were not dating, I would go out with you?"
You will be better off if you get rid of him.
The one time in your life to truly live out the true fantasy of love.
People asked me, "What is the hurry?"
Has he just dumped a girl and left before?
Needless to say, I am 36 now and still in therapy around it.
Do not be one of those controlling baby mothers.
Did you ever think of that?
It has been half a year, is it normal to still like him?
Look for a man that is attractive.
It is very sweet and just what you are looking for!
Is there a reason that you are not with the baby's father?
No, it is most uncoOL. You are SIMPLE.
Anything bigger than a handful is a waste, most likely a size c or d.
I myself believe that they do.
Stop trying to slap it in everyone's face!
You should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable.
A man asked me, "Would you mind if we cuddle?"
Or ask about the score of the last game?
Some couples never get to that comfortable boring stage.
I always say that you should not do things if you will regret them later.
Even the day after would be okay.
All you are missing is a million dollar smile.
I hear you Fountain, the same thing happened to me.
I do not really like girls that much.
Be really nice, give eye contact, and smile a lot. I hope this helps!
I would wonder why he shaved them, but in the end, they are his legs!
Best of luck to you both.
This is what I have nurtured many times.
I would prefer anything natural than fake. I even hate the word fake.
No, ten years younger, who wants an older woman?
Ask your best friend if it would be okay.
Many people will tell you no.
Downtown Houston is a lot of clubs.
Who said women do not feel anything?
Do not start with her looks.
If they have moved on, then you should as well.
Flirt with him and see how he responds.
I am waiting until I am married, but when is it too far?
There is nothing wrong with her giving you your number.
You do not have to be an overly happy, hyper-active person.
I do not want to just randomly go up and be like, "Go out with me?"
Then comes the fun part, he is making it up to you.
You should give at least five minutes for kissing and hugging, and there may be some licking as well.
I cannot help any more unless I have more infor.
I say no on avatars.
Some girls prefer gifts that will not die on them, something that lasts.
He is probably wondering if you are interested in him at all. Flirt back.
I feel goofy, dorky, and happy.
If you are a hoe, then he is one. I personally do not think you are one.
There are some men that only say the L word if they mean it.
I do not need a trophy girl, I want a companion.
As a man, let me say this.
Be confident, and always believe in yourself. Do not be arrogant.
Then he said, "Do you want some of my chapstick?"
There is no wrong or right way to kiss anyone.
Because we love them, it is not until later when we think about what we have done.
I would not know, I have the same issue.
What was the mistake that you made?
It is like breaking a drug habit.
Tell him, and it would not seem psycho because you have known each other for a long time.
Yes, for the first answer, that girl answered for me.
What about blue and green?
A life of your own, a life you have been missing out on.
Yes, I think you are correct.
You do not have to ask her out to go out with her.
Maybe he is going to call you!
Tell her, but be as polite as possible.
I lost my virginity in a park when I was 16.
What man does not like large breasts?
You should be proud of yourself.
Yes, men work and fix things, but what else can you do?
We do not know what you look like.
If you could have four qualities in your woman, what would they be?
Look on the internet and you will find many things for the wedding or your local newspaper.
If she sits on your best friend's lap because she is drunk, then yes, it is a turn off.
See my boyfriend (go to my 360)?
You will find a man who really deserves you one day.
You and that sexy perfume you wear!
If he is not and you are still not ready, then screw him!
Why do they want it state sanctioned?
She still lets me play with my trucks and watch cartoons.
Move on, but you can still love him.
See if he is willing to go out the way for you.
If anyone knows, let me know.
I never knew life could be so good!
And he said that he would call me back.
Pick the one you like the most.
Take it off pop up block.
If you truly love him, you will tell him.
Who knows, but I would absolutely love that to be done to me.
What should I do to get her?
You have to suck it up and introduce yourself.
There are movies that I have not seen yet.
I think it all depends on age and upbringing.
And that will be just sex!
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first, and it is bliss!
Who cares what anyone else thinks?
Try getting some blonde highlights.
Just let it out, I use art a lot to vent problems that I have.
If she likes music, make a special cd or tape.
It could be. Choose one and why?
Do not worry about what people will say.
I think a lot of girls enjoy receiving flowers.
No, it has nothing to do with them looking young, vulnerable or submissive.
Let him go or date his brother.
Yes, there are, you just have to look.
You can get them in StapLES for $35.
Your child is going to have a hard time growing up without a father.
My friend says I am too nice and I should tell them no.
My girlfriend always says she loves me when she is passing notes during class, but she does not say it confrontationally.
That is correct, the right relationship happened on it's own.
You will look like an idiot.
No, and you should not care. If you like him then stay with him.
I think you should be your tru self, have self esteem, and self confidance.
Anything that is not nailed down.
Make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her.
One of my best friends had a relationship with my big sister a few months ago.
Should I forget it and move on?
Their friends, on the other hand, are a different story.
Yes, I do, I think anyone does.
My cousin met up with some weird old perv saying he was a hot teen that she met.
None come in my list, so I choose my neighbor's wife.
I have long black hair and I love it, and my husband loves it as well.
You care about your family and everyone in your family will love you.
Ugly or fat men just take what they can get.
In the middle of the river while there were people watching, it was actually pretty funny!
It is all in the eye contact.
It depends on the man. Some men do and some do not.
It gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts.
If you love him and he really loves you, he may want to disapoint his father.
Yes, some men get right down to it with absolutely no thought for the woman.
Perhaps she is not a beeeatch and the skinny woman was.
It does sound a little girlie.
If you want to enjoy a bit, why don't you check out some restaurants, night clubs, gyms?
There are many good women left, you just have to look in the right place.
It is like everyone has to separate some day or the other.
You win some, you lose some, take it with a grain of salt and be more careful next time.
Happy birth day to you.
I just need someone to help me figure this out.
Pick the one with better treatment for you.
I am into a sixth grade boy as well.
If you end it, he may not be your friend. That is why I do not go with friends.
Put yourself out there more, you have to do far more than eye contact.
Do what is best for you and him.
Bad teeth, bad breath, and bad bo.
No one needs to know that.
If I am to ask, I will leave, stop the relationship, and move on with my life.
Please do not misunderstand me.
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes, but he did not act like it.
Where am I going with this?
Keep getting her younger and younger guys. As one gets old, get a new one for her.
You know that if you did not play the guilt trip.
That does not mean it makes it right, it means that it makes us human.
It is a mistake that cannot be undone.
You should practice unwrapping starburst with your tongue, and tying cherry stems to your tongue.
Did you catch her looking at you?
I know three men that I can probably get away with doing something like that.
Ask her out or tell her you like or admire her.
If he is going to be an on and off guy like that, I say dump him for good!
If they do not, then you will have to move on with your life.
I have never been to it.
Complement her, ask her name, do not act weird, and act like you are the smoothest guy ever.
She calls him all the time.
How should I approach her and be not just another man hitting on her?
Wait a little while, then date men that way you enjoy it more.
Someone who is never "bitchy" just because she thinks it is cool, it is not.
Because you do not have any decision power over what to do.
I know, why should I hide it?
Some men do not like to dance.
She is not your friend, and she will not stop bugging you.
I wish I had listened to my friends.
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she is not really interested?
Do I want to be in love?
Why do they want to be married?
A nice picture of George Clooney is on your profile.
Some women cannot seem to find men their own age attractive.
Some do, but I would rather have a pair that were not too big.
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are.
It looks very attractive on any girl.
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first and make sure you are happy around each other.
Anyway, my question is, will I always feel that way?
Listen to Faith Hill. Love is not like that. It is not.
Please do not ask that question if you do not want your feelings hurt.
And the girlfriend should accept that about if she loves you.
I think it is very attractive when a man shaves his legs.
If you still keep in touch, I do not think that is the best thing to do.
I like a boy named Austin and I told my friend Claudia to ask him if he likes me.
You are ruining the romance by asking that stupid question.
He is a player, no good trust me.
It depends, they all like different people, but not self-centered freaks like you.
I think that is fantastic, maybe you should do the first move!
If he responds to you, it is not worth it in the first place.
Just go up to her.
It is a good idea to always be honest, besides not many men I know do not like to be told.
They know the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men who get tons of chicks.
Just face him and say, "Hey, would you like to see a movie?"
That is why they call it making love.
Smile to him once in a while, then he will know.
Most girls are polite, she will answer it.
I would, you sound a lot like my best friend.
When are you taking me to dinner?
It really depends on the guy, but I think most guys seriously do not care.
If you want it to work out, it will.
If he does not want to dance, then give it up.
But you know what, I feel the man should make the first move.
Without a boyfriend, it would be a bit slutty.
Take it from a military girl, wait!
You never know, they never show efection only when they want something.
I am 49 years of age and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with.
Do you mean to appear more attractive?
Go to deleted items and it should be there.
This is a red flag of how this man is. I am astonished!
It may be because your name is freakgirl, but if you show your face maybe there are no hard feelings.
That would be very painful. Trust me, I have been there.
Do you love her in depth?
Have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate.
No, the only time you see a man emotional is when he is with his girlfriend.
Yes, I have done it, it was a lot of fun.
You need to let the person you are with know what you want.
Of course, if she calls five times a day about that, it would be crazy.
Hang in there for one that helps you.
My mother books them all of the time. pat@alanatvl.com
Do you think he has enough to worry about?
I have been dating a man who is younger than me.
Men play at love to get sex, women play at sex to get love.
It has to be played out after a while.
Everyone likes to be told that they are attractive, even if they do not admit it.
Yes, but it depends on the man.
Mabey because you just think they look sexy when they are running on the feild.
You are too young to be talking about kissing.
I will tell her soon because she is my best friend, so any help would be nice.
I agree with the other preson, before anyone gets hurt.
I am ready to move on, but I love him way too much!
Go out and do everything you couldn't when you were with him or her.
Obviously, men are not much better.
What if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits?
Play a truth or dare game together.
He sounds like a manipulative jerk.
Slow down the pace, maybe fourplay.
Death is like a big black bag full of crack or smack or meth.
Are you kissing me? Where do you live?
No, you will not, I was married to a complete arsehole!
It sounds like you really love her. There is no need to forget her.
Tell him that you are only friends, and you are very disappointed that he would act so way.
It always finds a way to get out in the open, just do not do it!
What is with chest hair?
As for now, I think he is mad, hurt, upset, and got over you.
Give your brother some money and tell him to take a hike!
No offense, but it sounds like a girls name. No disrespect intended.
Be cool and ask her on a date.
After you take her out, get to know her some and then go for the kill. Ask her out.
People do not like to be played with.
Practice to unrap starburst wrappers with your tongue, the girls love it!
I do not know, I just want the points.
That is not exactly true, it is just that most girls are discreet about it.
That depends, are you attractive with a body?
I told him it was too late. Other than that, I would not have minded getting flowers sometimes.
Believe in is a strange way to put it.
Why can men (or boys in your case) ever say the word love?
Just enjoy the age you are and do not worry about all this.
Though I am 19, I like anything up to 30.
I had a friend in the same situation.
Women are just as perverted, trust me.
You should not go out with a man because you need to.
What you are saying is she does not want to be more than a boyfriend and girlfriend?
Is it about a year before both people begin to feel comfortable in that situation?
Probably because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife.
I think as long as you do not base your relationship on sex, it is okay.
But some men would do that. Why?
If you are the average man, breast size should not matter.
Stay far away from men who cannot say I like you.
Yes, ask for permission by all means, and watch how fast she assaults you.
Honey, my husband likes me for me.
My mother also has cancer, and this just hits close to home for me.
Be yourself, if he is impressed or likes you, he will talk back.
You do not want anyone else but that person ever.
Why don't you try chatting with other men just to catch his reaction?
It is okay to kiss on the first date.
Men have a problem with secrets.
I had someone get nasty with me because I was still dating?
How do I kiss him?
I am the maid of honor for my only sister and I want it to be perfect!
Unless it is with the wrong man.
