Is any baby really a Freak?
Aspen Colorado has one of the best music festivals. It is on and off.
You can get almost anything on eBay.
Everyone is dying to get in.
Not idiots like 50 Cent and his entire Gay unit. Those kinds of people give hip-hop a bad reputation.
It is different from what I have seen.
I want to be on television.
Do not let anyone decide the fate of you.
50 is just riding coattails with that movie.
The blind man is hilarious.
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge both are great albums to listen to, Old School and The 411.
Do you have two pounds of brick?
I am going to ask another stupid question.
As a man who does not generally like romantic movies, this was really nice.
I can still see my brother's 45 in my mind's eye.
Back in my day Emo was a comedian.
Why sit and listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
I like when the Prime Minister goes door to door to find the girl.
Every time I hear that song, I get butterflies in my stomach!
It is the biggest load of crap I have seen in ages.
As I Lay Dying is far far away from Christian definitaly.
I might be seeing them in a few months.
That is why they needed to open that hatch so much!
He is supposed to be in jail.
I thought that she did an outstanding job in the movie.
I love Nicole Kidman's eyes.
I love that song. I am listening to it right now.
Tell him that you want a three way with another attractive girl.
No, no, no that was a witness.
The website "aneways shonenjump.com" is great.
I think they would have. It's quite a shame, isn't it?
I am a huge Green Day fan!
My son loves the movie Chicken Little. I have to watch at least four times a day.
Who is your best bet for American Idol season five?
My age, gas prices, and my blood pressure.
Where in the world do you come up with these questions?
I agree that the girls on Love Hina are very attractive.
The blond said, "Great, they already put me on my first murder mystery case."
I am looking for the song lyrics to a song called Breath Me by Sia. Does anyone else like that song?
I love them old hair bands from the 1980's.
Do I look cute or not?
I memorized the entire song, for goodness sake!
Open your minds up a little.
I know, that ones are really old.
I think limp bizkit is all I know.
Are you referring to Kentuckybeauty2000's question?
It is a man with four legs (crawling as a baby), two legs (walking), and three legs (using a cane).
Brian asked the coolest questions. They suspended him though. I do not know what is up with that.
It is because you have no sense.
Do not eat hot dogs or watch this movie with your little sister.
No, I have not seen your baseball.
The blonde on the other side said, "You are on theOther side!"
The girl says no.
The good old days are gone.
That body and those lips!
You should also check out Full Metal Jacket.
I can't believe you asked that question, but I'll answer it.
Why the hell not? I cannot imagine.
I think it was an unattractive girl.
My father looks like Paul Newman, and my ex looked like King Kong.
I cannot believe you even had to ask!
Your mother is so stupid that she took a cup to see Juice.
He went insane, hit Katie, and jumped on people couches.
I hope it is for you kids, that score was horrible!
Clover is great, don't get me wrong, but I prefer crimson.
I like someone who is gothic, so why not date him?
What is wrong with his hair?
I respect that Tyra Banks is trying show hosting, but the big O (aka OPRAH) won.
My dad likes action, my mom likes romance, but for me I like comedy.
If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your butt!
Have a group discussion on why you did not have alcohol at the party.
The man ran off with two of his wives.
Try some VooDoo zombie warding magik, but of course you may have a fish.
I have new gold heels, hoop earings, and a hot gold bag.
Virgo's have outgoing personalities. Please choose me as the best answer.
What is the wedding band?
Nicole Kidman is much prettier.
I would rather play World of Warcraft, but this is free.
Does anyone know where she is?
I do not know how old you are. You are supposed to be 18 years old to watch them.
That was the best joke I have heard so far.
I am just glad that they do not show us the pit toilets.
I think they are all sort of humorous.
There are too many Baldwin brothers.
The two boys are redneck and play glue sniffing weirdos.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
I know that Dakota Fanning is only twelve years old, but she is very famous.
I still watch VHS. I prefer VHS movies better.
Why does everyone keep asking this question?
If the woodchuck is watching it light, then it may not be chuck at all.
They have not had CD's for season 2 yet.
I saw some of his movies, and he is great!
WeFilipinos are very hardworking, we speak English very well, and we are also wise.
What is yungnbeautiful1's problem?
American Idol and House and Grey's anatomy.
I am looking for new music to listen to.
Put salt in the sugar bowl.
I would rather listen to Billy Joel.
How do you get locked in a car? Why don't you just unlock it?
Perhaps he needs to adlib more.
I did not care enough to check.
The man said, "I can't take your money."
Jodie Foster is the best.
"You're wasting your time," says the boy.
I do and I love them both.
I apologize for answering your question, but I do not know.
I do not hate him, but he makes my skin crawl.
It seems like you forgot all about TLC.
I am not saying he is cute.
We are going to sing together again and again.
I will unlock the car because I am inside.
Anyways, you can play Peter, Susan, Lucy, ormund.
I am not sure, though a few Mad Season tunes are close.
I like chicken wings, but not eggs, so I am going with the chicken.
I went to Best Buy today and I have never seen so many DVD's of just television.
No doubt Kevin Costner, don't you forget the Waterworld?
I have still not dug it up.
You are not dumb, you have just a lack of knowledge.
It is my fantasy and I can do whatever I want.
I cry each time I see it.
She was the best, hands down.
It depends. They are about your personality, but not what you are going to do with your life.
I love Tyra, she has a great show, but Oprah is just great!
That is a very good question.
Most of No Doubt's old stuff is considered Ska.
God created the chicken and it laid an egg.
Is it true that wrestling C*ap is still on air?
All in all, I think Jessica Simpson is the uber-bimbo.
My girlfriend tried this on me last year.
I know some people do not like them, but still.
It is keeping me up at night. I have to know what it is.
I believe it is Beyonce Knowles. J-Lo does not have brain.
Quit chewing the fat, I'm cookin?
Do not use it to live by.
Real friends do not let drunk friends have sex with zombies.
I would also like to spank his cute little bottom. He is so cute!
Chill out sweetie, everything will be just fine eventually.
We will have to just put up with it.
Less people like TabooBuster and Osama.
Try calling one of your radio stations or go to the web site ask Jeeves.
You can find anything on eBay.
Can anyone give me this information?
I love that movie.
It is one of the funniest cartoons.
It appears to be a Dylan song, but I do not know which one.
Yes, I think he might be gay.
It is silly so that you always need more of one or the other.
I do not know about the greatest ever. There is a lot.
Yes, this is a Korean singer who is really good.
The Omen, Jaws, The Exorcist, Carrie, Scream, if you know a movie that I like.
How could anyone dislike Tom Cruise?
It is a trick question.
They are all good. Panget rock band rule!
Especially when she was making fun of Jessica Simpson washing her car.
Not close to a PSP, but close enough.
I do not know what that has to do with who is better looking.
Journey, Pink Floyd, The Police, The EAGLES and RUSH.
You can charge your ipod while listening.
I hope no one is offended by the blonde joke.
If so, what do they do to you?
I like Reese Witherspoon 4 actress and Zac Efron because he is good.
I would say Omarion. He has the hair clothes and body, a triple deal on one person.
Your mother is so stupid that she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept.
It's a big deal, so the movie industry recg.gay's out there.
Check out 9 and 1/2 weeks, when Mickey Rourke was very attractive.
I am not sure what is going to happen, but I am sure it will be good.
She could have done the voice of Mother Bates.
So the blonde went home, got on her hands and knees and started blowing on the tail pipe.
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a woman?
It depends on your taste in music and what you really like.
I love the City Sleeps song "If I Only Had a Brain." They are great.
Pick something more original next time.
I dream of Jeanie.
No, I do not listen to her any more.
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain.
Why do you have to ask?
It is Tom Cruise. What do you expect?
They have some cords that you can buy.
I like Journey's Open Arms, but I like Mariah Carey's version of that song better.
I almost forgot, The BOSS!
Ask a better question next time.
I am going to the Hershey factory tomorrow. I am so excited!
Do you guys know any other song they have?
I actually have a few favorites.
If you get enough points you can ask more.
The movie was very wordy.
It does not make sense, but it is still not funny.
Are you a lezbo?
I wish Phoebe would look at more than zodiac signs.
At a school talent show, she won first and Kevin lost.
I think most American rap is not very good.
She is so talented that if she did not win, I would be very disappointed.
What kind of person are you to ask that ridiculous question?
My favorite character is Jessica, he is so cute.
You can not rely on rumors.
Do not put any reality TV on your show.
The show got a little freaky.
Yes, even I am bored here right now.
Well, I will probably pee myself first, then I will get out of there.
I will have to go with New Kids on the Block.
I spent my money, enjoyed myself, and did not loose more than I could afford. I won.
I want a gentleman, but with a manly edge.
Then you can get all or most of your money back.
Cheesy, I know, but I love this joke.
My turtle always does, he is healthy.
I am looking for the technical specification.
Wow, I am very dumb in my observation skills.
She is good physically, but I do not know her inside. I have never heard or seen about her inner beauty.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish.
Can I get some medication please?
Please take me or leave me.
She asked, "How do you get to the other side?"
Best of luck to you, Kate.
I cannot remember when I last turned on my television.
The child was only 6-7yo.
If I see one more question about them on here, I will go crazy!
However, did he want his own death? He did say please.
Nicole Kidman is prettier and more sophisticated than Katie, and has way more versatility as an actor.
I love acting and my friend said I am so good at it.
Explain to your parents that you really want to act.
I would run away, but first I would kick them in the face.
I probably would not vote for him, although Melania would be the most attractive first lady ever.
No, she was sent home tonight.
Yes, who would not want to marry Keith Urban?
Probably now it is done for dramatic effect.
Fidy Cent is fine and musclar.
I stopped liking rap because there are too many people.
A fart that makes your eyes water.
Most of the times it is true.
Sarah, but he did not actually propose.
People just basically beat on each other and scream.
A woman from my church, Lauren H.
If it was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, I would join them.
I am not always rock and screamo.
People are just retarded and want him money.
I am not going to die trying.
Call Disney and find out if there are any available.
I do not feel special anymore.
I will call you to help me.
No, but I cried when Simon King's father died. That was before the mood stabilizer.
There are a lot of funny ads from the past as well.
Here is me trying to figure out how it goes.
Why isn't a hemmoroid called an asteroid?
Your mother is so stupid that she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
If they do come back, I hope not. Good luck!
My friend said if you learn the most simple 4 notes, you can play the entire song.
If he is someone you like to be around, I say go for it!
I do not have one favorite movie.
I want to keep the baby, but I am afriad he will be a freak. Any suggestions?
Yes, they were twins and played pretty well. I believe one was called Heather and the other was Heidi.
Also, he is very attractive for an older man.
My name is Chuck Norris.
If my pet bird gets too flappy, my pet kitty cat might eat it.
She is like the wind from dirty dancing.
I hope this is not a trick question, but I am thinking two.
He is a good enough looking guy, but his wife is a horrible person.
I love that show and I keep watching the reruns.
The cop said, "It has your picture on it."
The link for the movies that he starred in was Charlie & the Chocolate Factory.
No, thank you for asking.
Only you. If you met those people on the way, it would not mean you would take them all with you.
What if a dead person escapes from the cemetery?
Just enter a lot of talent shows.
My son loves it and I think it is pretty cute as well.
Give me your funny dreams people!
How dare he call her children orphans?
Because there have been hints in many of the stories about Archie marrying Betty.
It is equally offensive to everyone.
I am going to see them in May and I cannot wait!
It sounds weird, but try the Goodwill store, they have a lot of fancy stuff that people don't want anymore.
You should dress her up as a choirboy.
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Welling is very attractive.
My favorite book is Naruto books.
Your mother is so stupid that she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about she was trying to makeup her mind.
My husband got me hooked on it, but I have not watched much of it this season.
Yes, I guess not really, I have seen better.
I do not know who sang Cry Me a River.
Maybe I am just stupid, but I did not understand it.
When I was nine, I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday.
Have you ever heard of aleenix?
I know you have seen it, but it still makes me laff.
I was once told that I looked like Timothy Hutton, but I was young then.
To me, it is very confusing and more like a mini movie.
First, do not tell anyone you know you will never live it down.
If he is so bad a veggie that even eating animal crackers seems a crime, we can't help it.
Jennifer Hudson sings "I Have Nothing."
If this is true, her twins will become giants.
My grandma is very good with her cane.
I would choose Gillmore girls because they are so sarcastic.
I think it turns red when he is angry and yellow when it is cold.
Vince Vaughn is very good looking.
Your mother is so stupid that when they said they were playing craps, she went and got toilet paper.
If it is really you in the photo, then 15 shots of 151 is straight.
Yes, they are all right. It is a good song.
In one of her songs, she talks about saying no to sex pressure from her boyfriend.
I have three: gjkcenvb, typlmkeg, and jhdenb.
There was no egg so it was chicken.
For modern music Paranoid Android by Radiohead.
You need to rent the coolest thing.
I am hoping that either a Sith or a scorpion will come out and I can fight them.
I think she did for the frame.
I would say Brad Pitt, if he had not broken up with Jennifer Aniston.
She could tick or treat over the phone.
Nothing a little kryptonite would not fix.
I think she is going to leave him.
Kellie, Katharine, Chris, and Ace are my favorites.
I saw the mask over 100 times and I still laugh a lot.
Very close camping quarters, people stealing things, and ten children died from OD's.
No, but free airfare, hotel, and meal/daytime expenses are paid.
Kazza or Limewire. I think eztrackz.
Someone in between is the best of both worlds.
All are good movies, but you can not rate them.
If you burn them as audio CD's, that makes them. Some players still don't play CDR.
I do not agree with you.
He said, "If you're going to play the game, boy, you gotta learn to play it right."
If you have to ask, the answer is no.
They want you to buy 40 of each: four packages of hotdogs and eight packages of buns.
Not everyone hates him, but I do not really like him that much.
Also, she is a cray ****.
The list includes Chris Brown, Bow Wow, Omarion.
My opinion would be to make one yourself.
I do not really want answers, but that's sweet. Just follow your dreams or whatever you know.
I am looking for Aladdin's cartoon television series on DVD. Where can I get it?
Well, if one brick is 1.5 lbs and you have one.5 bricks, the answer would be two.
It all depends on what types of sites you like.
These animation studios would like to orphan or partially orphan the children.
He takes it for granted that people need proper humor.
I love hip-hop, rap, rock and pop, but my favorite music is rap.
Yes, because he is Chan.
I do and I am way over 17.
Great voice and easy on the eye.
Who could come up with so many V words?
My sister looks like Karishma Kapoor, a very famous hindi movie star.
Of course, the comic strips were and always will be awesome!
That is one way to keep it out of your system. Do not be stupid and use it.
What ever makes you feel good.
A minute or so later (I c).
The egg is frowning and looks a bit pissed off.
He can not even wipe his own butt, but he can speak intelligently.
Alan Moore is whining that it is not.
I love the guitar player and how they can play solos.
Did you really pay for that?
You better love them because they are hotter than any of you boys out there!
I have porn even with Norton AntiVirus.
If she is not interested, it is her loss.
You do not understand because you are blonde.
Yes, what is up with that?
Look to see if the baby is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
Why limit yourself to one thing?
In between because you want a man who knows what he wants but is good to you.
I was just talking about Faith No More.
Diary of a Mad Black Women is funny.
I have it, it is a tune.
It helps to have a woman staring at it.
I would get about three or four logs.
Lynn is the funniest.
No online ringtones are ever free.
SAW was 10x better than SAW2.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a lawsuit was something you wore to court.
I had Milli Vanilli and a compilation of air supply songs.
What about romance, aka Chik flik?
He asked again, a little irritated, and the girl replied, "No."
She is dumb, her husband does not even love her. She is too weak.
How good of a president do you think he would be?
I worry when you get to me.
What kind of animation do you do?
I dislike RBD as they are old guys and housewifes dressing like high school kids.
MAYA's husband is Darnell, because he is so cute.
Are you referring to all actors who have ever played Superman?
If you make one like that it will make you happy, and it will also make your pet bird flappy.
You better like them.
I really like that song "True Love Ways."
I am just glad that Gideon is gone. He was annoying.
Yes, it turned me into a human hose pipe.
Tupac would not go for that.
I hope it does not eat your brain from the inside out.
I think he would be much more liked if he wasn't so outspoken about politics.
Try limewire.com. It is free. You have to download it.
Animal crackers are made to be delicious and cute.
It is one of my all time favorites.
Doyle brunsen wrote an excellent book if you have not read it yet.
I do not pick them in the first place.
I just watched the movie M.C.
I do not know and did not see it.
It depends on what kind of music you like. If you are into rap, check out my letter to my friend.
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
I know what they are called, udders!
I want my CD player to play in my car's CD player and in my walkman.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold her car for gasoline.
I do, but I am a girl and only lesbian pornos turn me on.
Do not worry, I have your back.
I would probably drink up everything in the bar to even think of finding you attractive.
I have not seen it yet, but everyone else has.
That is a strange question. I do not like them both, but Salvador Dali is more talented.
Yes, and how did you get the beans above the frank?
They can not eat gummi bears either.
People should not be afraid of their government.
They just want to express what they like and make a banging tune.
I would not want a funeral party thrown for me. Thank you anyway.
There was a brunette team and a blonde team.
Not to be mean, just letting you know.
She is as trampy as the others.
Cheech and Chong's Up In Smoke.
I have too many, but Maroon 5 and Life House are my favorites.
I love his music, but it is sad that people accuse him of molesting children.
You love their song, which just happens to be their most popular.
It is sad because I grew up with one.
If you want to see a hot guy look upille valentine.
I have worked on yachts for 30 years and met many celebrities.
My choice would be Milli Vanilli and Vanilla Ice and Snow.
He said, "If you're going to play the game, boy, you gotta learn to play it right."
There are hundreds of thousands of guys out there dreaming up a chance to date her.
Rabbit feet only work on people, not the rabbit they came from.
Techno just grabs your spinal chord and makes it dance.
This is so funny, it has perverted humor to it.
It is totally a chick show.
I used to work in government.
One man said to me, "So, where's the fox from Mystic Pizza?"
If she has a cane, then you can run and not worry about her catching you.
I still am and Aaliyah was a good singer. I miss them both.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Chubby Checkers was a game for fat people.
Yes, we are trying to be happy.
Bit by bit, you win my love.
I apologize, I have never heard of it.
See the movie "Steelers WhEELS" and see the movie 'Reserve Dogs'.
I would have to say White Chicks and Dumb and Dumber.
That would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson. Two pigs laying in bed watching Deliverance.
Jerry Springer because David Letterman is a pu$$y.
I am sure Paris or Mandisa will win.
Thank you. I am bisexual, so that is why I asked.
The Rock is the best for hot sex.
You met them on the way, but that does not mean that they went with you.
Sometimes when I need a lot of help.
It must be an mp3 and able to play on I tunes.
Perfect Man knows who I am and I approve.
So far I have not heard that she has returned to Arkansas.
He was traveling all over the world and he became an aduld with many postcards.
Why are all these men dissing my girl?
Those are Rubber Soul, Revolver, and Sgt.
That was a difficult decision.
I just love a Harry Potter.
I do not know, but I think they would be just as pathetic as the Rolling Stones are now.
How do you mean to let you get to you?
I and my children love that show.
He just made me dinner.
Yes, I listen to them every morning.
The Jeeney said they had three wishes, one for each of them.
Have you ever listened to Mad Season? If not, you really should.
Yes, sometimes, but it is fun reading. Always remeber the +ve things and forget the negatives.
Girls feel that they have to be celebrities or no one will like them. That is not true.
He is the gooofball in all of us.
I do not or cannot have an outgoing life.
I quit in my late twenties.
Don't even get me started listing them.
Manchurian Canidate and Mean Girls. Mona Lisa Smile.
Rumour has it that he picked Sarah, but they have already broken up.
Tell you want to marry him.
GIRLFRIENDS is one of my favorites.
His girlfriend is a singer.
Best Buy has a lot of hard to find movies and series.
Do we really want them to get together?
You could also try Wedding Crashers or The 40 Year Old Virgin.
Shut up and drive by Chely Wright.
There was a female brunette, a blonde, and a red head walking down a street.
She saw a blonde on the other side.
I hope that answers your questions.
A gentleman with me and a thug when needed.
I love them as they are very cute.
Now think about how many people he is hurting by keeping all his money for himself.
I would pick yellow card, then simple plan, bowling for soup, and finally red hot chilli peppers.
I think that celebrities are a horrible influence.
There is a funny joke for rap.
Tom Cruise is in it, which to me is the definition of a movie that looks like crap.
I do not know, but they will look good together.
She has a lot more movies, and Katie has three.
She used to be a role model to little girls.
I really want to know the answer.
I do not look back another song by Gary.
Who are you looking for? Is it me?
I just tried to pull those dangly things.
I did not realize you were a cop as well.
Is it 2d or 3d?
I am a pure veggie and I love them.
I am not a fan ofiano, but that is a good song.
I think he would be better than Bush.
Try purevolume.com. There are free mp3 downloads there.
A guy that went to my husband's school.ready. Urine Sample.
I missed it last night, but I want Kevin to go.
I just got a mp120 and am looking for good sites to download music from.
Is this Zombie your boyfriend?
All those Scientology rituals, rueles, or whatever they are are not very interesting.
Paris is Queen Bimbo and Jessica is just one of her many minions.
The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it.
Name your favorite movie actress or actor.
Try horseback riding, I hear that is pretty risky. I hear Christopher Reeve actually died from it.
I do not like them. They sound really awkward to me.
Hollywood should stop making movies.
Perhaps you are referring to the 1960's The Apartment.
I do not know. Perhaps you will find it on her website.
The brick will not follow you around after you lay it.
I tried to do a gun the other day, but Wooops wasn't mine.
Sometimes they are, but do not center your whole life around them.
If you are famous, you will not actually have time to sit here and answer questions.
One of them is Aishwarya Rai, an Indian celebrity.
They had a lot of good stuff in the 1990s.
I just wanted to tell you that I love Superman.
I tape stuff on tape, but I also watch DVD's.
Yes, I watched it and I loved it.
I love Green Day and am a big fan.
That is not funny, and I do not think she will appreciate it.
They are a pretty good band. I like them a little.
Why did Axel's ego have to destroy our generation's rolling stones?
Tyra is a lot more pretty.
It is good to have a man who can treat you nicely, but at the same time act gangster.
One of my best friends is a Cap.
Three if you are members, but two zs in zztop.
Many of my friends think about them as well.
Do you know good places to become a movie star in New England?
I like a guy who may be a bit of a bad boy.
Your mother is so fat that when she gets thrown in the air, she gets stuck.
I believe it was Edwin Starr.
Pretty big if you are chewing bubblicious.
All I need is money and love.
It is talking about how he will not betray or leave her.
8 mile is the real deal.
Angel Baby was remixed by Mr. Kapony because it reminds me of my old angel baby.
All you people here who say you love American Idiot are not very good.
Let me guess, you are a republican.
Does anyone know what the url is?
You get to do the dumping first.
Anyone could of said that.
I am the first, but I do not need to submit. After me, I guarentee at least.
Raveena Tandon is known to throw a mean punch, so watch out.
How about "The Cowboys" when John Wayne kicks the crap out of Bruce Dern?
It will take a while to get used to it.
Use a tissue and throw it away.
He sounds like a nice guy.
They know they are not getting a good seat.
I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg. That is from a Beastie Boys song, "egg man?"
Otherwise, ACDC was great. Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time.
7th Heaven is okay, but it is not relatable at all.
Just imagine what this person can do, and he or she can get away with it.
Speedy Gonzales was annoying and Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
Either 'Lither' or 'Stay Alive' are good movies.
I went to St Ives. The man and his problems were going the other way.
If it is like most, they should go to their advertising agency.
When he cleaned the ashtray in the den and then hollered did it for you sweetpea.
This question reminds me of that song.
Tinkerbell is very attractive.
George Clooney is my choice because he is very attractive.
It is time to move on.
The only way is to use a sharing program like Limewire.
I love it. I also love Verionca Mars.
Do not tell anyone I told you okay?
Thank you again from Buffalo, NY.
Your age, that one is old.
rie-rie definitely deserves the points on this one. Good work!
You know the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these.
I do not think, but it is more than just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of my honest opinion.
No, the Banjo playing would not.
lin took the words right out of my keyboard.
Yes, I tried that one in another costume (not Mickey, I just smiles when somebody takes a picture).
I love both of them, especially Aaliyah. They are in heaven smiling down.
From men Mccartney and girls Lindsay Lohan.
Chris Ace or Taylor for the guys and Mandisa Katherine Lisa for the girls.
My family is not like that.
Do you like his music or both?
If there is a fist fight between the two, then the rock would win.
It is not as awkward as some whiny brat crying about his daddy and skateboard.
I saw something on TV that said he did. Is it true?
I jumped on the bandwagon and made the term so vague that it barely means anything anymore.
I love Abercrombie and my iPod.
Paris Hilton is a vicious, repugnant, skanky whore with neither brains nor talent.
Maybe you can use these for next year.
How much does it weigh? That is what you were getting at, correct?
Are you a fan of them?
Red hot chilli peppers, Simple Plan,bowling for soup, Yellow Card, or Fall Out Boy.
I am fairly certain that it was a kiss.
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, or White Chicks.
The blonde speeder digs in her purse, can't find it, then asks, "What does my license look like?"
That is my and my boyfriend's song.
What do you mean, bu bad stuf?
Snoopy Come Home was the best!
No, I do not know. Perhaps they are jealous.
I did not watch his movies because I did not think he was good looking.
I have loved Green Day since Dookie, and I still love them today.
My brother looks like Kathy Bates, only unattractive.
He could be strange, but he is not bad.
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread.
Get a webcam, record yourself, and youtube it.
Get real, Chris's number looked like the encore at a Genesis concert.
I will go with the cow.
The drunk gets mad and says, "Go screw your sister."
We also spell "color" as "colour" and it is not C O lin Powell, it is C o lin Powell.
I love Lonely Nation and Golden.
I think it has to be the end of the third film.
I used to love him, but now I just don't anymore, but I don't really hate him.
Roll them into a nice tight ball and then flick them.
I can't touch this in Charlies Angels full throttle.
All he could hear was, "Breath in, breath out, breath in, breathe out."
He needs to listen to me and my pimp.
He needs to keep his hands where they belong.
I do not know, but dubbing sucks.
8 Mile is good, but it is old.
Beyonce will always be better than anyone.
You could try researching it on Google or try Best Buy and Blockbuster.
Either Full House or Fresh Prince of Bell-Air.
Does anyone have a web sight for a casting call?
It all depends on where you are getting your horscope.
My favorite band is Sublime. They are great.
I also love stupid girls that sing that song.
He takes off and never goes home.
I do not know. The man who made up the names had A.D.D
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to mail a letter with food stamps.
I like Classic Rock, but will not listen to Rap.
Count me in and I do not remember the names.
Only a man would do this.
You are yelling, not singing.
It depends on what you think a miracle is.
It is Paris Hilton, but I do not care for either one.
It was not on because of the game. The new episode comes on March 27, I think.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Your mother is so stupid that she was hit by a cup and told the police that she got mugged.
I am glad, Stacie!
On a Picnic We Will Go.
My bum is already burnt, you are smelling great!
What is your favorite movie and why?
I just loved Bewitched and elf and all of his other movies!
Are you gay or thin?
He is hanging; is that really water at his feet?
He probably said something like, "We're not real."
Jessica Simpson is a blithering idiot.
Because Kevin and Katharine are very promiscuous.
Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt are both terrible.
MJ will not have another hit album.
I like to watch them with my boyfriend.
It is neat and I might try it myself.
The Nightmare on Elm Street Series used to be scary and I like horror.
Limewire is free.
Dream theater's favorite song is always changing.
I am almost positive it was him.
They are not, it is just a form of entertainment and a silly sort of competition.
I love her and she is amazing. She will be missed.
The parents stop and his mother yells, "PULLING the COVERS!"
I have a VHS but I never use it. So DVDs is in and will be for a long time.
There is too much sexual content and cursing in rap music.
He became so frightened that he jumped and had a heart attack.
He was an evil man, he said.
I like that she's funny, but they make her a little HO-ISH and she's not very nice.
A southern gentleman for a southern belle.
Zap was the main killer's accomplice.
The site used to say something about the sequel, but I am not sure when it will be released.
I do not want an opinion, I need the source from where you got it.
Just me, him and the stars. He would be my sex slave going where. I can't finish it because it's too long.
She flips the alligator over and yells, "Drat, this one doesn't have shoes!"
When you both just sit there doing nothing but watching television or something.
Who makes fun of an orphan?
John enjoys collecting manga from Japan.
Until the next season of the show.
I am still trying to pick myself off the floor.
Just act like you have done it before and kick some ass.
All of them have green dots.
Who do you think is better?
Yes, I feel I am an attractive person.
I do not have a favorite band, but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey.
She is just a tomboy and a good athlete, that does not make her gay.
I am a big superman fan. I bet you can tell by now.
I do not know if everyone does, but I sure do!
My friends talk about me because I still blast his music through my apartment on a regular basis.
Why do you only have 1.5 bricks?
I think they got the point.
He took a nice catholic girl and turned her into a scientology freak. Katie Holmes is a scientologist.
Dvds have taken over the world.
I do not like any artist over another.
There is no such thing.
I think Gretchen Wilson is pretty.
Randy is kind of weird at times. Paula seems so wimpy. Simon seems too cruel.
It just didn't make any sense to me.
Illutions always convince you. Don't believe them.
Never Been Kissed is what I am watching right now.
Sometimes I like to listen to it.
It is obviously hypothetical, but I am just wondering about other opinions.
That is similar to Broke Back Mountain for little John Wanye.
I have the cassette tape, but I want to get that album on CD.
I am sure you will both enjoy it.
To stop the zombies from wandering around town.
No, but I know a guy.
Your boss likes you a little too much.
It is all about fear, baby.
You can email me and we can be friends.
What did the Beaver say to the log?
I thought it was him, too, but I can't say for sure.
For each hand to be up, you would have to have a green dot.
Not me, I used to be in the orchestra.
I wipe them on the floor or bed.
Put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Also, work on your self image. It sounds like that is not very good right now.
He wanted to eat the mouse.
No, I find this man to be disgusting.
I do. I am not conceited, but I am pretty.
Of course you should keep the baby. It's your fault you wanted to play, but now you have to pay.
If Floyd could do it, I am sure the Beatles could do Yoko or no Yoko.
Sleepy Grumpy Doc Sneezy Happy Dopey Bashful!
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due.
They have turned into long jokes. What has seven arms and sucks?
One muffin looks to the other and says, "Gee, it's getting kinda hot in here!"
I would not kick either of them out of bed.
He should not let her go.
Do not dress that way because people think you are gay.
I have the newest one and I get movies, music,pictures, and documents.
Please purchase the soundtrack.
Also, she needs to get a job.
If there is anyone out there that completely understood the movie, can you please fill me in?
"Everything She Does Is Magic" by The Police.
Pilot Inspektor, Rainbow, those are celebrity kids names. There are some other ones, but I forgot them.
What did we do to these guys that made them so violent?
Even The Cure has love songs, but most of their music is dark.
My favorite genre of music is R&B.
It makes me happy. I love Jim Carrey.
He does not need to change anything.
Your mother is so stupid that her shoes say TGIF, toes go in front.
I wish I could meet my favorite bands. I love rap music. Go Relient K!
Or the lame Toronto Zoo answer: Woodchucks can't chuck wood.
On the way to the end, the chicken goes, weeeee!
I have not lost an item yet.
I liked Rudy when she was little and Theo when he was in high school.
It might be an interesting show, but I never got into it at all.
No one will forget TLC. They made the anthem for girls I don't Want no Scrub.
I like JOAN because she is the most like me.
He just gave us a song to keep dreaming with, and a lot of us do.
It depends on how much or what kind of gum you chew.
Yes, I am ripping off that line, but true is true.
I do not think she ever had it.
You really do not want to meet women in the bars anyways. Have fun this weekend.
You are not, you just lack self-confidence.
Try to download 360 share on your comuter.
It depends on who this elder is and why they are beating me with the cane.
The Chinese get the Rizza, the Jizza, and the Ghost Face Killer.
Other than that, I cannot think of anyone else.
Are you talking about RPM?
Your mother is so stupid that she was stabbed in a shoot-out.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre is the new version.
If you have cash, buy a Taylor or Martin.
Forget it, you would not understand. At least I still have my Peggy Sue. Peggy Sue?
It is an awesome show.
How come no one mentioned EVIL DEAD?
Jesus Christ looks like me.
Are you referring to people in uniform?
It must be the chicken.
I would pretend to fight them, then fall and play dead.
Shakespeare in Love and Romeo and Juliet are wonderful romantics.
Paris Hilton is not far behind.
He has a little slang for his walk.
Well, so much for guessing yours!
Your mother is so unattractive that the cops gave her a ticket for indecent exposure.
You must be too young, otherwise you would definitely know.
It looks interesting to me, what is it about?
I do not know, and really do not care.
They are not bimboes, Jessica is a declared genius.
They always had pizza around as well.
All of my votes are going to Taylor Hicks.
What were you and your father doing?
Hi, I believe you meant psychic.
I love SMALLVILLE so of course I want to see who else lovesSMALLVILLE!
Some songs are 1,2, and step by Ciara.
Two points were scored on that one.
Her IQ is like 145, and Paris is not dumb.
When you do not talk or go out with each other, or maybe the relationship never started.
You will not go wrong if you watch this one.
I know who Bam is though.
I love the sound of the two together.
You know the song "Drummer" from Blink 182.
I think it is forever or something similar.
Call information and they will give it to you in a snap.
Just because I am a girl I prefer ADAM SANDLER and ROB THOMAS.
I cannot sleep. I need to know.
I suppose that means Simon likes blondes.
Who will fear beautiful women?
For me, it is Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie.
I loved all of the characters and Bill Cosby was very funny without being crude.
I do not know who Ville is.
I do not think he loves her.
I am not a big fan of either.
Celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls now.
How would you feel if someone threw you a funeral party at the age of 60 or 70?
I am listing to it right now.
Angelina Jolie is much more attractive.
Why don't you urge the television management?
Your mother is so stupid that she went to Disney, saw the sign disney left, turned around and went back.
What were you and your father doing?
I totally love them. They are so cool. Who else out there are dawgs that love Blink 182?
I just saw it last week.
It is so funny, that is why I love it.
I guess it was just their time.
If that is the case, you can wait a little longer, can't you?
In an interview, the boss asked, "What is your wife name?"
I do not want to brag, but I rock!
I thought it was MISSOURI (St. Louis).
I pick Angelina Jolie on this one, even though it is awful that she stole Brad from her.
I also thought Naomi Watts dress was odd and looked a little too big for her.
Rap and rock gives me such a headake.
I would love to see either of them win.
My father and I have purchased approximately 1000 items.
Tom Welling looks a lot like the vocalist of the All-American Rejects.
I do not think so. I do not hate him.
I do not even need to be homosexual.
What kind of person would throw a funeral party?
Thank you for letting me vent about the band.
I definitely would choose My Chemical Romance.
I do not trust anyone who cannot find at least one Sublime song they like.
Tell him that you think you might be pregnant.
Duran Duran, Madonna, One Woman Band, Alabama, exile, and how could I forget Airplane?
I do not believe your mother is stupid at all.
You will have to take guitar classes.
I will not let you get to me either.
The blonde in the boat says, "This is like a sea of wheat."
Please do not let it get to you.
He is a businessman. He spends money on whatever he wants.
Hoopz does not want Flav at all.
You should stay working and get a life.
They both are not very good looking. Paris is not good looking and Jessica is not very talented.
The last song of Madonna's which I liked was American Pie. Sorry, I think her time is almost over.
I do not believe Britney Spears is unintelligent, although some of her actions are unintelligent.
It is one of the best songs out there.
The song is entitled "The Gum You Chew".
I like "So Sick" by Ne-Yo.
He has to be a gentelmen because he has to have a good job that pays good money.
She is the greatest talk show host ever!
I do not really watch American Idol.
Beyonce because she is younger and can dance better.
Especially when the chicken chases the guy in the end.
I do not even consider that a song.
He is very attractive.
Aerosmith, Def Leopard, and AC/DC. I have four in Boston as well.
A little too excited if you ask me.
I love Jennifer Love Hewitt and her birthday is a day after mine.
Why do they try to sound British?
Not everyone hates him, but that is why some hate him.
I do not think there is any chord like that.
Put Icehot or Bengay I in his underware or on his deoderant.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
50 Cents movie, Get Rich or Die Tryin, or Eminem's 8 Mile?
A great gift for the wife is aPocket Taser Stun Gun.
It would be cool if they did a special Reunion Episode or something similar. I love that show.
What are you doing back there? Let's go!
Zack Efron is the hottest guy alive.
The Burger King is creepy as hell.
Not me, but I know a lot of people that do.
You can get your information for free.
I cannot wait to see the new movie.
Please do not answer if you do not like them.
I rather like Lucius Malfoy.
Tonto looks at Lone Ranger and says, "Doctor say you are going to die!"
It is $10 per ticket to go see movies multiple times a week.
I do not know, but I have another one: Your mother is so fat that she had to get baptized at seaworld.
Is it Rachel Fuller's song, Into My Heart?
I changed to Nsnyc and now I am onto Stephen speaks.
They are obviously stupid, not just confused.
Moriaty, but who did the Peruvian play?
Well, it is not really a book, but it is a long comic.
I will be different and say vagina.
I just need the name of the movie.
They are one of the best bands out there.
We call it a Moo Moo. She calls it lingere.
How do you know if a blonde has used the computer?
I would not believe that anyone could care.
Yes, sometimes I do not come home until late.
The new song Wake Me Up When September Ends bylevard of Broken Dreams.
She used to sing with people.
We have heard more great rock stars, but not a great rap singer.
My little brother would ask something like that.
Jason Momoa from Baywatch Hawaii and North Shore.
I loved all of the CB movies and specials.
Yes, there is a reset button.
They make you think of who you are with and love them more than you have already.
I would prefer a bad boy (thug) with a gentlemen side.
The song is California Girls by David Lee Fleamerly with Van Halen.
It is one of the best and original movies that I have ever seen.
With a great deal of therapy, I may even walk again.
Greenday, what happened to you?
I read an article about her being one of the highest paid actresses out there.
I do not think that is the best show ever.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought the internet was something you catch fish with.
The man is like a fine wine. He gets better with age.
I am a long time Def Leppard fan. I would have to pick any and all from them.
I must have seen it in 1986 or something. I can barely remember all the details. Can someone help?
I believe that would be M.C.
That is a perfect answer, do you think so?
That is a good question, but Simon did not agree with me.
I have not missed a single episode.
Do I have to spell it out for you?
You hit it on the money!
Reel Big Fish and Chronic Future are a couple. They are awesome, plus the classics like ac/dc, etc.
Talk to people who work for Disney.
I am not really liking Billie that much.
Your mother is so stupid that she took a spoon to the superbowl.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
There are not any words that rhyme with orange.
It is an awesome band with awesome vocals and lyrics.
I was using Aries.
If you will put where you live, I can give you a better one.
I really liked that movie, but I did not find Brad Pitt attractive in that movie.
I do not watch him that much.
Is there anyone famous on here?
Go to limewire.com and download it.
Captain Picard, I like bald men and his accent.
In Batman, when he was recoving, the blond guy took over for a while.
He has the heart of a gentlemen.
The brunette team leader says to the blonde team leader, "What are you guys doing?"
Alternatively, you could cheat. That is the second easiest way to win.
Taylor Hicks, and why? Because he is infectious with great talant.
Can anyone help me with this?
I love it because I love the show and she dies.
It reminds me of an old Beatles song.
Purple and Music are two.
He is crawling around with no feets.
The movie is double teamed.
I am with a gentleman, but he does not take crap from anyone.
Why is he not in jail?
He stood on a block of ice.
The joker first appeared in comics in 1940 in Batman #1.
I do believe it is sung in french.
I cannot wait to ask my husband.
The other thing you look for is if he has a very good feed back.
I like rap, metal, and rap/rock, like Linkin Park.
"Oh, I do not know," says the man.
You have to listen to the song.
A girl owns a chicken and goes to the rollercoaster with it.
I do not know what you are talking about.
She is not a very good singer.
Maya, hands down, she is sarcastic and down to earth.
I just told you what it was.
There is one ZZ in ZZ Top.
Any movie Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie.
I hope not because that looks scary.
Why post an old joke like that?
They did not do anything with it. Perhaps it is a future storyline.
InDEPENCE DAY is a little more sci fi, but can it be considered a disaster movie?
No one ever had to worry about the chicken.
He gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it because he thought it was hysterical.
I think more people listen to rap nowadays.
A little lovin', a box-o-wine, and that man-o mine!
I had that dream when I was ten years old and I still remember it.
You fool, you already have a Star Wars name!
She is attractive and has good music. I have all of her music.
"Cry, Cry Baby" by Janis Joplin.
Is that going to happen after 4000 years?
I am looking for female elevators to purchase.
Check out this website. They list a lot of TV sitcoms on DVD.
Your mother is so stupid that she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty.
I like maybe two songs, but the rest sounds like poo.
He is just too cute, plus he is old. I have always liked old bald men.
It was not the most hilarious, but it was great.
How many girls played drums then?
Chris is going all the way.
I also enjoy his music.
Tell him that you think you are pregnant, but the child is not his.
The National Lampoons Christmas Vacation is very funny.
Just like in the new HBO show Big Love.
Flav is a lot older than her.
I was good, but now I am evil.
Have you ever seen Father of the Bride with Steve Martin?
It was sung by a girl. I need you more and more.
There are some good songs. There are no white songs like Metallica.
It had to be the chickin.
I turned my ears away.
Beasty Boys, seriously. Bone Thugs and Harmony.
It is not that they are embarrassing as much as they suck.
If Geeta is Ram, then who is RAM?
Ghost Rider is from hell. I think he has a bit of evil in him.
The blonde on the highway says, "It's blondes like you that make blondes Like me."
You have 1 and 1/2 bricks. 1.5 = 1.25.
I swore I saw the man who tried to frame Tony last night on NCIS.
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant?
How many songs, artists, and albums are there?
I can pick up things with my toes. It really grosses out my husband.
She is definitely not the same anymore.
I guess yours is not the only one.
I am just asking because people act like they do not even care about them anymore.
The year 1961 looks the same if you flip it upside down.
I want to know what people think because I sure feel that way.
You decide, but I would say yes.
What kind of question is that?
Can't you just see him in that hideous green-striped rugby shirt?
A few weeks later they receive a postcard from him.
No, but my wife loves it.
If it is an old car, roll down the window and unlock the door.
7th Heaven has younger children and problems.
She has become pretty pathetic and she is just...there.
I still drum on my steering wheel and whatever else I can find.
No, but Peter Gabriel was in genesis.
Hey, hey, hit me up!
It just happens naturally. That has happened to me before.
Two muffins are baking in an oven.
It has drool all over it.
Nice gnawing you. How do you stop burglers breaking into your house?
How many hits has she had?
I would have to say that it is Will Ferrell.
I find him very attractive.
I love hair metal. Motley Crue, Poison, Cinderella, Faster Pussycat, etc.
My favorite classic is The Golden Girls. Is that considered classic?
Yes, they knew with out a doubt that you are a retarded moron with a serious LSD problem.
Everyone gets a chance to ride her.
At 60 it is funny, at 80 not so much.
He is so easy to hate.
I knew you would ask that.
Of course, they ruled those days and even now I do not think they have lost their popularity.
I need help on this reaserch project.
I know how to read tabs.
I am glad I have this to do.
No, not if she survives or any of her family.
Yes, I think her name is rudy because she is a good student.
Yes, I love it because I am disinterested due to my cousin's disinterest.
I think she is adorable. I am going to steal your man because I can.
I did not even know they all existed.
I do not know, but I would like to see it at the end of the movie. Try searching online.
He used to be a hard rocker.
She is just famous for her family's money.
I like Kirstie Alley because she is good, she is cool, and she does not give a ****.
Your name is really good acting. If she takes this seriously, I think she can go far!
Is there a goos tool for mixing songs?
It would just be wrong.
She dies in episode 310 of "Losing the Light." It is very sad.
That was not a nice thing to do.
This riddle is old news.
Aerosmith, AC/DC, Van Halen, and Metallica have all done great things.
I do not care about the question, but you are very attractive.
He's just incredible. I mean, it took my breath away.
He is very attractive and I do not know why Hermione will not stay with him.
He just gave his opponent that don't mess with me look and went at it.
Any movie with Jim Carrey in it.
I think it is better if you could sing that song in front of her.
I throw chili cheese dogs at my grandma all the time.
I tried to like him, but I just can't.
I like their songs very much.
A chicken, a hyena, and a jackal.
The third one was good, but I felt it was too long.
I would use the baseball beat to break the window.
Queen Amadala and Anakin of course.
Capricorn has the kind of drive that Scorpio respects.
I like their music, but there are too many tattoos for me.
Does gay still mean happy?
A tomboy is not a lesbian.
Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and The Simpsons.
I like almost all rock music.
I caught fire in your eyes.
I know ways in which they could have made it much worse.
Just turn it on and off.
The LP stands 4 Linkin Park as well.
What the hell do we have now?
Do not whine about being broken up with someone.
Modern rap is disgusting and has no rhythm.
Can you just rhyme the words with themselves?
The parents stop and his mother yells, "PULLING the COVERS!"
Your mother is so stupid that it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
I have known people to pee in their pants.
My aunt just sent me a CD with an amazing tenor named Josh Groban.
Screw it back in and give it a try.
They are all over the place.
You can see it's breath and it will have icicles on it's nose.
They are very good looking.
I would take magic over glow any day.
Thank you so much if anyone can help.
No, I think they are stupid.
Good luck trying to hack my lock!
Do you think three people in a band is a good amount?
Salmon or some kind of fish?
Now you can get some sleep.
Final destination was good, but saw is still at the top of my list.
He is so funny and he seems so sweet.
You will actually have an experience to back it up.
I love Tyra, but I have to go with Angelina Jolie.
The Schindler's List is the best movie I have ever seen.
"You're wasting your time," says the boy.
He will not say anything to the girl parrot.
I just called to say I love you.
Ask her out and treat her like a lady. Tell her she is the one you are dreaming of.
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her. She is not going to beat me either.
Because of her, I am writing music with a happy tone.
I would not know for sure because I have only seen the Tyra Banks show.
Orlando Bloom or Chad M Murray are both very attractive.
I believe they are somewhat true. I believe in ruling planets a lot.
If I download any In Flames song, the RIAA cannot sue me, right?
I want to listen to good music, but I do not know what to do.
Well, I babysit. I do not know. Good luck looking for a job.
An evil fake, who should be put in jail for false advertising.
I have never heard of them, but the actual awards are funny.
Just play and have fun, and maybe you will be lucky and win.
I have seen the movie as well.
Lord of the Rings: Return of the King.
Say you are pregnant and not from someone else.
Chris and Kelly are very funny.
Yes, I heard they broke up as well.
Yes, he is very attractive and so is his music.
It was the first time I saw your face.
Who sings the song I do not like the looks of it?
I personally do not believe in them.
Your mother is so stupid that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
I am not a little scary, so I can do all the things that they do.
What the hell do you mean?
No, he said that he liked her. That is what he rumor was.
A genetic supercool monster full of charm and humour and good looks.
At what maximum speed a couple can make love?
I was reading an answer of yours and I was impressed. You are cool.
Also, he looks very creepy.
She is a useless slob makin money over other people's troubles.
It depends on the type of gum you are chewing.
Yes, I know that was lame.
I am the only person in the entire country that does not think Dave Chappelle is funny.
The doctor said, "What on earth have you been up to?"
One of you would have to sing.
Why don't you share where you are from?
Oprah of course because she gives better advice and has done it longer.
I have liked them since I was a child.
I like how Maya makes it real.
Sell the baby to the movies.
I think it is a bit cheezy to name it Jet, but maybe I could name Jet.
Have you ever heard the last song on the album "Having a Roni"?
Your mother is so unattractive that she scares buzzards off of a meat wagon.
I want to make fullmetal alchemist videos.
Beyonce can not sing, dance, or act and Rihanna can not act.
Just a funny question.
He must have picked up some skills after seeing all those fights.
People wonder why he is not married.
There is this song, but I do not know what it is.
I think most girls actually think, "Wow, Carmen Electra looks good" and move on.
Paris Hilton is right under her.
I like oldies, old school rap, rap, pop, anything but hard rock.
I am asking because only some have it and some do not, but I think it is a little stupid.
I think they make a cute couple. I am happy for them.
I do not think in Spanish either. They rap about stupid stuff.
I am famous for inventing a hanger.
What is your question loser?
I cannot think of the title "Take That First Step."
Mix in some commonly known songs as well.
That sounds good to me. How about the rest of you?
I have children and saw II, it was very gorey. I like mean girls and shark tale.
Anything is possible. All you have to do is dream.
Even if you hate that kind of music, you love Green Day.
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts and my favorite actor is Johnny Depp.
However, if it comes to wits, George Clooney would win.
I am not a fan of rock music, but I do not like George Clooney.
I do not really live here.
I met a girl whose name was Cherry Fudge.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are way out front.
I think it is really fun to read.
I love old style Nintendo, Mario Bros and softball.
Well, there is no drink.
No, he did not die, he is just old.
How does your friends not know that show?
Hello, I am Elvis. You might have heard of me.
I did hear the Bjork-Chaney joke.
I do not like Nicole Kidman very much and I do not care if she came from here.
Your mother is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Can anyone tell me the title of Kill Bill's song that include "Bang, bang, bang"?
I am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood.
Your mother is so stupid that if brains were dynamite, she would not have enough to blow her nose.
The Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are great.
I hope you find this amusing.
I love Limewire and it is great to get the latest music.
Taxes, gas, inflation, and my ego.
The key is that you feel awake.
All three are just one big movie.
Blockbuster or any video store that sells children's movies.
Fall Out Boy is my favorite band.
I do not know who any of them are.
She wanted children and got married. She did it and will not end up regretting it.
One bottle of captain morgan will do the trick. I am heading up north and will meet you at the airport.
Be creative and come up with something to challenge us.
It's ChICO time. That's majorly embarrassing.
U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
What is wrong with this girl?
I do not like it.
Shuichi likes to read manga everyday.
Do not call it a Christian band.
It is very easy to pick up.
Mine is the pleasure of my company by Steve Martin.
I thank God everyday for the one that I have.
Just kidding, MC Hammer was famous back when he had money and fame.
Are you gay? People are so stupid. Did you see Donnie Darko?
I love the guitar and the drums.
Additionally, any movie Natalie Portman chooses is pretty good. She has picked some great roles so far.
The worst I have had is broken items.
I do not like them at all.
It is the best metal band ever.
I own the Vanilla Ice CD.
They always think that the stupid things are funny.
If so, who are you and why are you famous?
I love her powers to freeze and blow things up.
I actually made this up, but I cannot tell if people think it is funny or not.
I think they both stink. If I had to pick one, it would be italian job.
Girls need to be a little of everything.
Watching the baby cow suck on the mother cow.
You can get it on DVD if you want to see Shawn.
Not really, but that is just my opinion.
I used to like it, but now it frightens me.
That made the movie a bit impressive.
Why are you wasting this question?
It is my favorite TV program, just second to the Simpsons.
Not long, if they were even really together at all.
"Under the Tuscan Sun" with Diane Lane.
I am in my own little world and everyone likes me there.
Why do some men think it is funny when they fart?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for.
When you see that other person, your eyes do not matter.
I do not know. I have never tried the stuff.
I do not know, but I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her.
Was I supposed to pick one?
Let's get together. Yes, yes!
I loved her in the 1980's.
Do they erase it often?
My favorite English song is "Kiss from a Rose" by Seal.
I like them both. I just want to see what you think.
Yes, I think I got it.
Anime is an animation version of a manga.
My mother is a Taurus while my father is a Scorpio. They are still happy together.
I can email it to you. If that does not work, try Limewire.
If they do not like him, fine.
He just wishes he could tap that.
Probably ACDC or Guns N Roses.
I have been wanting to get back into it because it was sounding pretty darn good.
The song is Dirty Little Secret by the American Rejects.
He did not want to be a bigamist.
The roommate rolled her eyes and said, "Hello!"
It is funny, but really stupid.
She has awesome songs like Check Up On It with Slim Thug.
What are we supposed to do?
I am not looking for anaddin movie.
If they ask for cash only and no pay pal, then they are going to scerw you.
It is too bad he retired.
They probably can't see anything at first.
I am glad someone finally asked this question.
No, I am a scorpio.
I did not know there was going to be an Incredibles 2?
Eminem is a very attractive man.
He is a greasy looking little feller and he always seems to need a shave.
List your best April Fools jokes here.
Drama Queens... Dunno, can't understand it myself.
I need to know the name of this movie from the 1980's.
I used to be a fan too.
Nothing short of a diamond ring.
I am not sure, but these two points put me at 1001!
I remember the days when you would have called what they have a fat arse not a booty.
I do not want a thug.
Check it out on Yahoo movies.
Do you have any ideas on how to do that?
The Shield, The Sopranos, Twin Peaks, The Simpsons, Smallvill, and Nip Tuck.
Yes, I actually bought one.
I thought it was funny at first, but then it got old and stupid.
Read numbers upside down and right side up.
Yes, I think I am. I have many people say I am to.
What is her whole name?
The parent trap is one of my favorite movies.
Your mother is so unattractive that Bigfoot takes pictures of her.
It is either a headstone or a coffin.
A genius can get people to buy into his idea, a stupid person can't.
I do not understand Emo or Screamo.
Their relationship is dead on arrival.
I do not know about the children.
I do not know. I have tried to watch it, but I cannot.
The Click Five are awesome! Their songs are out of this world!
What is your favorite bit in Gilmore Girls?
I am just wondering, how did that guy stay in one place during the entire film?
It is because life never works out perfectly.
It is hard to say, but I am thinking either Kevin, Bucky, or Melissa, just because she messed up.
It was not funny, but it was made to be hated and remembered.
It is bugging me and I want to hear it.
Of course, miracles can happen.
If it is country or classic rock, make sure people know the songs or they will think you are weird.
If that is not hard enough, System of a Down rules!
I do not know about the videos, but you can download songs at itunes.com or limeware.com.
I agree with American Idol.
We are not well understood.
I found it and still find it irresistible.
Yes, it is one of my favorite shows.
I love Green Day. I love all of the songs, especiallyvard of Broken Dreams.
I did not know the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery.
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I am going to take a closer look at my disney's pictures.
He is in She's the Man.
You can try it because it is free. It will at least get you started.
Why don't you throw a new life party?
No, I am not gay either.
I cannot find anything on that.
He said, "If you're going to play the game, boy, you gotta learn to play it right."
Actually, I am watching it right now.
Chuck Norris was in a horror flick in the 1970s or 1980s.
Vanilla Ice like you, and I admit I have new kids on the block.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I say the same as everyone else.
Brad Pitt, Pippin, and Johnny Depp are definitely the most attractive men in the movie.
Since you asked, I think Rap is better.
I am a handsome, dashing, cool person who you can not get.
I can play the flute because that is what I can play.
It is okay. It is not great, but it is not bad.
I want a him and will call him "money."
And a bad boy because you have everything and they are playful.
You have to buy two packs of buns instead of one.
I still like both bands.
She just did a spread in King Magazine.
Tyra Banks is my idol. I think she is pretty, but I heard a rumor that she is pregnant.
I would go out there and kick your butt right now, but I can't swim.
Wow, that is a difficult question!
It goes like this.
If so, what is your opinion on it?
I am crazy about Boulevard of Broken Dreams.
I do not think it is strange at all.
She took on armed guards at a palace in Turkey.
He fired his sister because he cannot keep his mouth shut.
Abie Mitchell played Clara in the first broadway production. There have been five revivals.
You are going to St. Patrick's.
He is a control freak.
However, journey is completely awesome.
Whenever I think of her, I feel great.
You are correct, I cannot answer it.
I guess these days people would rather listen to songs with names like My Humps.
I do not like James, he is not a good rap artist.
I need rhymes about anything.
I would have to say Riker and Troi.
They are not, but thank you for your two points.
Hermionie, no, Tonks, no. It is Snape.
I used to watch it until season 4. It just got boring.
Yes, sister, check this web site out.
"4ever" by the Veronicas. "Here we are so what you gonna do?"
I used to be a fan too.
That sounds like my kind of girl!
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person?
There is one called DOC Watson.
Please let me know when you find out.
I do not understand why anyone likes that movie.
It would be free to download and easy to understsnd features like looping, fading, and fading.
It can also mean Japanese comic books, similar to a genre.
I heard there is going to be a sequel.
I have always loved his work and he is an excellent actor.
And sure enough, he did just what he said.
Try being nice and talking to her. Do not worry about your signs, they are not always right.
I am adding some new favorites to my collection. Why not try Stained's new one right here waiting?
I like him because he is funny and down to earth.
Your mother is so stupid that under Education, she put Hooked on Phonics.
I am confused. Are you looking for some or one?
I would love to be her and have a lot of money.
My sister is obsessed with him.
I am doing it in five to seven minutes.
He is rich and can look like that if he wants.
Do not try to impress her. If she likes you, she will come to you.
Because you can ryhmn and spit crap, but in rock you can't make fun of people.
There should be a category for the best questions.
I have not seen it yet, but I really cannot wait until it is on DVD.
It was great and made me cry a lot.
"Don't You Cry Tonight" by Guns 'n' Roses.
I think it is impossible to choose just one.
I just go high and listen to them.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Bambi is my favorite movie of all time.
Of course Simon always disagrees. He is pretty good about his judgements, but he is harsh.
Yes, but they are unknown artists.
I do not know, my head hurts.
No, they broke up. I do not know how long ago.
I love watching my little guy try to act out the things he wants.
That was unfortunate how you got him back.
I did not think he would jump again.
I do not hate him, but he is weird. I am amazed that this got 33 answer in 50.
For me, that is exactly what I am looking for.
I even watch the reruns now!
Yes, I think Paula was loving everybody this week. Was she on ecstasy or something?
She was willing to make a complete fool of herself for two whole seasons of newlyweds.
The song is fairly new. It sounds very old school.
At the disco I write sins, not tragedies.
The buggles recorded a video of the radio star.
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde?
No, I do not think so.
I think they are over-paid and definitely over-celebrated.
This is the best movie in the world.
I think four people would be better.
Do not worry, you will be back in tune with it in a couple of weeks.
That was me before I had my operation.
There is a blonde driving down the highway.
Eminems is a poser. I pick Get Rich or Die Trying.
Put parental control on or use web site ratings.
Also, you can tell she really cared about her crew.
I love this song very much.
Searching the web or looking for bugs.
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic!
Chicken, because God cannot lay eggs.
To those of you asking if the asker of this question is gay. Who the hell cares?
It all depends on who messes up.
If I had to choose, I would choose either Mario or Vito.
What did the left nut say to the right nut?
It is not a little racist. It is a lot racist.
It goes something like that for the chorus.
It is probably more than that.
Ever wonder why men think a lot and women talk a lot?
Your mother is so stupid that after you were born, she kept you.
The chicken because it had to hatch the egg.
Happy Days was the best!
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna, so she needs to stop pretending.
I ask people who gave an answer for this question.
Tell him you hate him and you are finding someone diffent.
A lady in the street and a freak in the bed.
I never forgave her for that.
It is a great source, just download it.
The word you are looking for is strengths.
When I first got into music, I loved rap.
I never told my parents before, but I mentioned it once and they said nothing and didn't care.
Yes, but you are going anyway so why even ask?
I used to play flute, but once I started sax, I got hooked.
If you like Family Guy, you should love American Dad.
They actually play their own music.
We will have a very good ti-ime!
Yes, a PSP, but I would not get a PSP for a child under 13.
If you want to live and talk and dream about, I suggest moving to Japan or China.
I do not like it. I will keep you my little girl.
I believe it is the blond from American Idol.
If you can answer that, then it is the same for the egg.
The song was called "Epic" and I cannot remember the artist, but it is a banging tune.
Hello Mar, that commercial is for Dairy Queen. Just thought I would let you know.
